That's the nighttime version of the monkey because the monkey that's just been
up fucking and punching shit and eating fermented berries.
That's the monkey is tired sucking all the monkey cock.
That's a tired monkey know
this but was of the Joe Rogan experience podcast is brought to you by hover.
Uh,
if you have not been to hover,
uh,
I have actually I actually use it and I use it to register domain names.
Wish I was one of those dudes who got in on that action.
Like when you get by business.com those wizards that made like a fucking family
fortune of having the right name coke,
I think it was really hard to do.
I did it and now I just have a bunch of domains.
I'm like,
I don't even care if this is worth anything anymore.
How dare you say that?
Why don't you sell them?
You fuck what's,
what?
Do you got the worth something?
No,
I don't even know if they are like I have one that's Java lamps,
you know,
I have
Java lamps is worth something.
Why would y'all want me start Kiwi,
Mr Kiwi?
If there's a business called Mister Qe,
they might be,
it sounds like an apple juice in Japan,
you know?
Exactly.
Yeah.
We're some sort of a fruit beverage.
I just got let go of a lot like pill humping.com
he'll humper pillow.
humper.com yeah.
Boy that was a gold mine.
You passed up on pal.
The thing he got rid of those four.
You hit 40 yeah,
I'm hover is a I've,
I've used it.
I won't tell you what the domains are because if I have some controversial
domain out there and you're like,
who is writing this crazy shit?
Maybe I don't want you to know.
So you have a domain that you use that several,
no one that no one knows.
No one knows.
Not even meet cause you've never been told me about it.
I have my own pet science projects.
Oh my God.
That's fucking hilarious.
Dot Com forward slash.
Rogan one of the beautiful things about hover is that you get free who is domain
name?
Registration.
Privacy.
That means you could have Dick Party in my mouth.com,
which by the way we do when we registered it add hover.
Well it's cause if you wanted,
you know,
people did not know that dig party in my mouth.com was your website.
I think that would make sense.
Damn.
I want to know what your yours is anyway.
hover.com forward slash rug and go there and get 10% off your domain name
registrations.
It's very easy to use.
I am,
I uh,
I enjoy using the internet and I enjoy,
um,
going online and pulling information from the web.
How?
However,
I quite honestly do not know much about how to work everything.
I'm not that technologically savvy.
I'm just too fucking busy.
But Hover,
it's so easy.
It's so intuitive.
There was a zero hassle of owning and managing domain names with it.
Real user,
the user interface,
very intuitive.
So I recommend them hover.com forward slash Rogen.
Yeah.
Fucks free.
Security also say it covers your address and everything.
Yeah,
that's what it was saying.
Free.
Who is domain name security?
Um,
shows coming up.
This.
Uh,
I'm at the Burton Cummings Theater in Winnipeg June 14th,
but it's all that bitch.
I'm,
I'm at the bear to theater pub and grill with Ari Shaffir,
uh,
in Anchorage,
Alaska.
And this just went on sale today.
We're doing one night up there to do comedy,
to pay for our fishing trip.
We're going to go fishing.
Uh,
so that's June 26,
2013.
I've been wanting to go to Alaska forever,
man.
I just want to see it.
I just heard some saying I heard it just blows your mind.
Like you go up there and you just never look at each of the same.
You see,
you see animals that you didn't know.
Just,
yeah,
my friends who've been there,
like the,
my hunter friends who had been there,
they say it's like you have to go there.
You have to go there once in your life just to see this unexplored.
Literally you,
you might go somewhere where humans never been like,
it's possible to do that.
It's telling Alaska like if you really want to get crazy and take a plane and
fly two hours out and just land somewhere,
it's very likely no one's ever been there.
Like that's crazy.
This has been a lot of God damn people on this planet for a long ass time.
But it is possible that you could find a spot in Alaska where there's never been
a human being where I'm going.
But you know what's the Alaskan women look like?
Like men like Alaska,
both face.
I'm sure there's a few hotties up there that just taking deck like it's going
out of style because you have so much power if you're a woman up there.
I think dude's just have to get used to toss and girls around.
I bet a lot of guys fight over girls too up there.
It's really bad.
It's like 10 to one they ship 'em in.
They have to like that,
like mail order stuff.
But yeah,
there's a lot of that,
but that's a commitment and the kind of girl that's willing to just pack up your
shit and fly across the country.
Live with a crab fishermen.
You know,
a lot of those bitches are crazy.
Is this male?
What do you know?
Somebody that everyone there is crazy.
They live in Alaska.
I think it's awesome too.
You know,
I really enjoy these shows that I've been watching and I'll watch like there's
Alaska,
the last frontier and mountain men and all these subsistence shows.
I fucking love these shows,
man.
The people on Alaska,
the last frontier,
these are not stupid people.
They are people who you would totally hang with.
A young couple I did shows up that loved it,
but every person I talked to,
I'd be like,
what?
Why did you come to Alaska?
And they'd go,
uh,
I love the outdoors.
And I was like,
there's outdoors in Florida.
You buried a body somewhere and it's not deep enough and you had to go somewhere
they won't come to get you.
I think people would still come to get you in Alaska.
I don't think that's that safe.
If you're in the middle of a city like anchorage.
When I went there,
I went from New York,
flew to Seattle,
and I just figured it was like another hour from Seattle and like six hours
later I was like,
are you kidding me?
Like I didn't look at the map and figure out that like it's a far way away.
Don't be rude dude.
Alaskan women look like,
yeah,
come on man.
Number four.
It's personnel.
Isn't that cool?
That's not,
what does that mean?
Cause she's a real human.
And your Shanor what?
She has a hot redhead.
How was she the number fourth good looking woman.
I don't have it in order to do seven man.
Yeah,
this is order of popularity.
No,
it's just what Google pops up.
You should use being there.
Less biased.
No,
it's not.
Um,
so anyway,
Alaska bear tooth theater,
pub and Grill Anchorage,
Alaska.
Take these girls' pictures down too,
please.
Thank you.
Um,
also at the joint,
at the hard rock,
July 6th,
I'm with Joey Diaz.
So that's,
um,
the night before the UFC does a UFC on July 7th,
no,
sixth you have C's on the six my shows in the fifth.
So Friday,
July 5th at the hard rock at the joint should be a lot of fun.
I've never done that place.
I've been there for UFC fights before,
but I've never done stand up there is that in Vegas is made for it.
And then the more theater in Seattle on July 26th,
this,
some other shit coming up.
But go to Joe rogan.net.
Click on the tour thing and you could find it all there were also brought to as
always by Ana [inaudible] Dot Com that S.
O.
N n.
I.
T if you've heard this commercial before,
I'm so sorry,
but there's nothing I can do.
I have to just keep saying it.
There's no new way to say it.
What is on it?
So human performance site,
uh,
we sell foods and supplements and fitness equipment and uh,
exercise DVDs,
all stuff that we approved that we enjoy,
stuff that I feel is beneficial for fitness,
for your strength and conditioning for your mental clarity,
for even new mood,
which actually boosts your mood,
elevates your serotonin levels healthy and natural.
But you know,
I was supposed to take it if you're on an Ssri eyes because that's Sris
essentially do a chemical version of the same idea.
They,
they boost your,
your,
your chemicals in your brain and new mood,
uh,
can do it naturally.
But I don't know what you need.
If your doctor's got you on some shit,
you either either that's good,
it may very well be good or you,
maybe you should try to do it naturally.
Either one,
you would have to know that not me,
you might need it.
I really have no idea.
I've met people that absolutely need antidepressants and they've used it and
it's changed their life and made them happy.
So I would never say,
but I'm addicted to this one.
It's great.
Sam Friend Molly.
Awesome.
This stuff is good.
If you have a friend named Molly,
cause that bitch will fuck your brain,
drain it dry.
And people are like,
who's this Molly,
you're talking so mean about all these people must know Molly real.
They're all people that enjoy,
um,
mood supplements.
The mood supplements are all,
um,
you know,
five HTP is all been proven to elevate your serotonin levels and it makes you a,
makes you feel better.
So it's not subtle either.
I find it's pretty obvious when I tell you that five HTP of FFT first found out
about it because of Neil Brennan told me he's taking like a fucking ridiculous
amounts of it and he was calling off and uh,
I don't know if he does it anymore because I think he's on some other stuff too.
And you're not supposed to do both of them at the same time.
Uh,
but,
uh,
it's uh,
it's interesting stuff.
Look into it though.
Like always,
if you,
if you're interested in taking any sort of supplement that boost this or jacks
up dad or any of that stuff,
look into it because there's controversy behind it,
you know?
Um,
but I can tell you that everything that we have on on it,
it's something that either I use or would use or I buy or something that I feel
is beneficial.
So that's on a.com.
Use the code named Rogan Seniors' housing money.
All right.
Still going to do the Kale shakes.
Erica,
did you take one a day?
I did not take one,
but I,
you know what he said is if I take it with calcium,
he said it kills.
No,
no,
no.
You said even if you just,
if it's raw,
as long as that's calcium,
it keeps out of this stuff from affecting your body.
But he recommends it for cooking for a couple of reasons.
One,
because it kills even more and two,
because it makes it more bioavailable.
I still have to,
you know,
I believe him,
but I still have to look into it myself.
All right.
I've heard so many people say great things about the benefits of cal shakes,
but I also heard what you talked about that one time about the bacteria,
like a fungal growth.
Similar to what he was talking about with microtoxins.
I ate tons of Kale.
I do too.
I do.
I drink it.
I drink Kale shakes because I can,
I'm not going to eat that much.
There's no way I'm going to eat a giant,
you know,
30 ounce fucking,
I mean if you stack them in a bowl,
I'm not chewing all that shit down.
I do.
I eat Kale Salads blended down though the amount is massive with cucumber and I
use raw ginger and raw garlic and it just,
boom,
it just stuck an ass kicking bursts of nutrients.
But,
uh,
Dave Asprey was talking about the potential,
the potential downsides of eating a massive amount of Kale that it has.
Um,
it actually has a type of acid in it that is designed to keep it from being
eaten by things to discourage predation,
which kind of makes sense,
but I have to read into it.
So go,
go to bulletproof exec.com a lot of people think that guys always trying to make
money.
He has so much shit online for free.
It's ridiculous.
His,
his website has hundreds of thousands,
a little things on it for free.
And he's had it up for years before he started making his own coffee and selling
it and all that other stuff.
But uh,
he wrote something about upgrading the Kale shake.
And so if you're any kale shakes,
he should read that because it's scientifically very fascinating.
I just,
I have to read it and then read the opposing and you know how it is.
You've got to look into that shit.
Yo.
Uh,
that's it.
If Fox Eddie FTC or you might know him,
you might not,
you might be in love with them,
but we're going to talk some shit and we're gonna,
we're gonna get to the bottom of things.
Okay.
The Joe Rogan experience,
Joe Rogan podcast by night all day.
Boom,
boom.
That's what I'm saying,
buddy.
Boom.
I'm fucking groovy.
How are you doing?
Doing good.
Every now and then.
I need to see something online to let me feel.
I feel like I'm,
I'm okay.
But you know,
you get a little self critical and then you read about someone online.
This might be one of the wackiest fucking things anybody's ever sat me.
This dude is on National Geographic Taboo.
It's a fake paraplegic who,
uh,
he used to be a woman.
I used to be a man rather,
and then became a woman and then fake being a paraplegic.
Wow.
Yeah.
What?
Wow.
She had a secret and the secret was that she's a fake paraplegic.
She went around in a wheelchair pretending to have a spinal cord injury fooling
everyone.
You think you know weird people in your life,
and then you read about these randoms that it's like,
that's beyond anything that craziest,
weirdest people I know
couldn't comprehend.
She's not a dummy.
She's a fucking phd.
She's a chemist.
She lives in Salt Lake City and a used to be a man.
Right.
You decided to become a woman and then decided to fake that she was paralyzed.
Macy's doing experiments.
I don't think so.
You can't put those two things in the same category though.
You know,
like,
I don't know.
She could have made herself a paraplegic if she wanted to.
She was molested by a goldfish.
Was
you just say everything that comes to your mind,
man.
Really?
Why does it,
why was thinking of like goldfish would make you pretend to be parallel?
I was thinking like what would,
who would molest you to do something crazy like that?
You know,
like I always,
I think always think it comes back to being molested from some,
for the most part,
people act crazy.
Yeah,
it does.
A lot of times you hear that,
that it's usually sexual.
Yeah.
I've been molested.
Don't they usually act out in a sexual way as a lot of different things.
Like borderline personality disorder that comes from getting that comes from is
actually,
it'd be a lot of times.
Yeah.
And boy had a friend who love dating girls who had been abused because he said
there were always the craziest in bed.
I used to have a bit about it.
I said,
when you have sex with like a really,
really like a girl that's just so good and bad,
I go,
all I want to do,
I want to enjoy it,
but I just want to say like,
which uncle do I have to thank for this?
Because it,
no,
there is this like sometimes like the craziest,
craziest,
best sex you've ever had.
But I had sex with a chick who,
uh,
it was the craziest sex I ever had in my life and she was a squirter.
She was like,
it was insane.
And uh,
she was fucking me this one day and uh,
she goes,
fuck me harder.
Fuck me harder.
And I went,
I'm fucking you as hard as I can.
And then she swatted me across the face like hard and I just
went,
stop,
you got to go.
I'm like,
get out of my house.
Like you just fucking cracked me.
And I was like,
and she just started risk taker that bitches and she just started,
she started bawling and I go,
what the why you crying?
You just hit me.
I should be crying.
You hit me so hard,
she goes,
oh.
And we started talking in the next thing,
you know,
her grandfather molested her and all this stuff and she became a prostitute.
Yeah.
Well after me,
after me slapping you sent her to prostitution with your rejection?
I've said,
I've said two girls to prostitute.
Oh my God,
sir.
Number.
I think I sent them a one chick.
Uh,
I just dated her for a while and then years later we remained friends and she
was hot,
so hot model,
like smoking hot.
And she calls me and she goes,
uh,
like probably the hottest girl I ever did it.
And she goes,
um,
I was in New York,
let's get together,
let's have a drink.
Just friends because it was over and,
uh,
having a drink.
And she said,
I said,
I'm looking for a place in New York,
like a room to rent,
just cause I'd go back and forth from La to New York.
She goes,
why don't you come live with me?
And I'm like,
ah,
I don't want to share a room with you.
And I thought I did done that.
She didn't know.
I got a two bedroom.
I go where she gets 57th street.
I'm like,
who lives on 57th street?
Like that's like,
you know,
like serious real estate.
I can wait.
You're always getting kicked out of the country.
You have no money.
Which she goes,
I got 90 grand in the bank.
I go,
what'd you get?
90 grand.
She goes,
um,
this other model I know said,
hey,
you want to go to Miami for the weekend?
She goes,
went down.
We partied with these guys,
we did coke all night.
And she goes,
I fooled around with her.
I fooled around with both dude,
you know,
went home and there's 25 grand in my bank account.
I'm like 25 grand off.
I'll look for that.
25 grand.
Wow.
For a weekend and must be nice to be like a billionaire ball or dude who could
just order up some $25,000 girls 25 grand for a weekend.
They've had.
This is Bali where with us at Miami,
those girls that go into that one country,
wherever sex and the city was uh oh you buy so many girls that I've turned down
the $25,000 offer from some king that just like just goes,
it hits all the ladies like 25,000 week,
you know,
in there.
But I know so many people that have turned it down,
but I also know a couple girls that have done it and that's his fucking crazy.
I think there's quite a few of those guys out there.
Well I've been to Dubai a number of times and there's $50 ones.
They're $50 for a prostitute.
Yeah,
but what I'm saying is that these guys that get girls from America and have them
shipped,
oh yeah.
That to me that's crazy shit.
That kind of money.
That's a way,
this is a weird reality.
You know,
when you have like trillions of dollars,
like there's people who are like,
I think as far as private wealth is concerned,
like what we know and you see like the richest man in the world,
man,
not really.
Okay.
Because what you're getting is the richest man in the world who has assets that
are measurable,
like in the stock market.
When you're dealing with canes,
you don't have any fucking idea how much those guys
have.
You don't know.
Why should you know?
I got a buddy who is,
have a bank.
I got a buddy who was a billionaire,
a real live billionaire and uh,
never knew he had money for years.
He was just,
um,
my friend's friend and uh,
never knew.
We hung out in New York and everything.
And then one day I was reading about his family and the newspaper and then went,
Holy Fuck.
And I called him on the phone,
I'm like,
you have money?
He's like,
yeah.
I'm like,
no,
no.
You have like fucking money.
Family does.
Yeah.
And I said,
this is bullshit.
We have never gotten to take advantage of this.
I said,
you have like crazy fuck you money.
So years later he came into the money like where it was his,
oh,
that's so creepy.
Just sitting around lazy waiting for it to happen.
We worked hard,
but,
but someone did die.
I don't want to give away who we possibly is,
but okay.
But in one year he went from fucking Zenith,
the Nadir,
like he,
he straight to rehab like a year and a year from when he like took over the
money too.
He was,
he would call me and be like,
I'm in Vegas.
I got the top floor of the wind rented.
I got slip and slides down the hallway.
There's,
there's strippers and hookers everywhere.
And we got midgets in a storm trooper outfit serving the strengths and he'd be
like,
I'll have a private jet picking you up.
Get here now how much money did he inherit?
Uh,
about $5 billion.
Ooh.
Oh my goodness.
And he's not fun anymore.
He's not fun anymore.
That's a complete ball changer.
God Damn,
he's not fun.
$5 billion.
That's the one guy that I,
not fun because the rehab kind of killed it.
Killed?
No,
he only needed a year before we went into Rehab.
Yup.
Wow.
That's hilarious.
And what was it for coke?
He was smoking crack.
Oh,
but the merits run.
So have you seen that shit?
I'm seeing the mayor of Toronto got busted smoking crack.
It's a lariat stuff.
Pictures of them smoking crack.
He took pictures of people I was smoking crack.
The mayor of Toronto,
apparently he's a hoot.
He's just a fucking wild man.
And he's out there like in the hood smoking crack.
The mayor,
Mayor Barry's from DC was smoking and asked,
this guy feels like if Marion Barry can do it,
why can't I?
Why can't I do it?
I never,
uh,
I,
my,
my old partner on my radio show in New York would smoke crack and Jesus,
and I heard it when I joined the show.
They were like,
don't hang out with them.
Don't lend them money.
Oh my God.
They knew this and he was on the air.
Totally functioning,
functioning,
and we would,
he would party hard anyway.
He had a gambling problem.
He still on the radio now.
I don't want to say his name,
but Artie Lange.
No,
but uh,
I,
I'm pretty sure it's well known so I'm not,
I'm not saying anything just in case on a Duci no,
but anyway,
he won the first day.
You see that picture of the Mayor Smoking crack.
First day we went to,
uh,
we went to Mcdonald's to get lunch,
right.
First Day on the air and he starts talking to me about comedy and he's like,
hey,
you make money doing comedy?
I'm like,
ah,
yeah,
I don't know.
And he's like,
can you lend me some money?
First Day?
Oh my God,
so you lend me some money.
So then one night he never came to my shows or anything.
One night he came to a show at standup,
New York comes to the show and he's at my show and I have to do like three shows
there after the first show.
He's like,
all excited,
oh,
this is fucking great boat.
He goes,
let's go out,
let's go.
We're going to go out.
And I'm like,
I should probably stick around here.
It's like,
no,
come on,
we're going to go party.
We'll come back.
Who's that voice you're doing?
I'm not telling you who he is,
but he left and I never saw him again that night.
And we heard a story ended up like in the bus day,
he was buying crack.
He was in a bus station,
but he's been fired from every radio station and a
fucking crack crack.
Who doesn't get out of that?
If you hadn't money,
why wouldn't you just go straight to the good shit?
Why would you go to like the Shitty job?
I asked my friend and he said he just ate.
It was such a bad thing for him.
He couldn't say no to anything.
So when you're around drugs,
everything just starts coming around like he would go,
okay,
I'll try that.
Was this when you want sports guys?
New Morning Dick Sports guys.
You're a dick.
Well you're the one that's telling me it's in the fall.
You were being very,
did a bunch of radio though and you,
how dare you?
That's exactly what the fuck it is.
You son of a bitch.
We won't say the dude's name.
That's where you're trying to avoid.
Yeah,
I just needed to know weirdly,
haven't spoken to him since then.
Where now it seems,
no,
I talked to him.
I talked to him this week because he looked like,
when Joe like this picture,
look at this picture,
I want it.
I talked to him on Friday or Saturday,
you know?
Yeah.
Well that's nice.
First Time in like 10 years.
Yeah.
Working with people that are on drugs.
It's very strange,
you know,
hanging with people that I am.
I had a friend who was that a serious fucking crack coke and heroin problem and
eventually died is a good buddy of mine and a New York and he,
you know,
he would fucking vanish.
He would go on benders and you know,
he would always want to get dropped off or like near a crack house like she was.
It was really crazy.
And then he would clean up for awhile and it'd be great.
And then he'd go right back at it.
And did you ever work the Kansas City club Stanford and was fuck yeah,
those beetle juice,
you know,
one of them's one of them.
Dot.
Oh,
you know,
things happen over in council up.
Craig Glacier.
Uh,
I gotta I got a Mazda Rati things happened in the bag and I'm begging this black
chick and she's only a county clinic.
She's pretty hot.
Uh,
Joe Rogan,
we'll come back here.
I don't know why it's weird.
I call them every week and he just doesn't return my calls.
And I would like to come back to Kansas City,
but I don't want to deal with those.
Dudes are great to have your rear view mirror.
They need to be known though by the world.
Well,
their characters and I appreciate them.
I really do.
I appreciate it.
All comedy club owners,
I mean,
he didn't,
I had a good time working for that guy.
He didn't try to fuck me.
No,
no,
no.
We got a long ways you pays,
you mean?
Yeah,
I meant financially.
I mean,
I've had the issues before.
I mean these guys to this day that I'll never forget,
you know,
and he's a couple of guys I still work for that tried to fuck me and they didn't
get away with fucking me,
but I know the fact that they tried to and it's like,
come on man,
you know lies about how many tickets are sold and you find out or you know,
there's clubs that,
there was a,
a famous story of a guy on stage at a club and he makes everybody in the club,
uh,
count off a number.
And I'm like,
well first of all,
what a Douche bag he is to use this stage.
Time to find it.
I'm getting fucked financially,
but the fucking,
it was 200 seats under what he thought it was.
Like he looked out and he's like,
this is not 300 fucking seats,
man.
And the guy's like,
it's 300 seats and you won't even want to tell me.
And we got a door deal is your money?
And he's wrong.
Oh,
oh yeah.
The,
the comedian was right by the comedian was right.
The club tried to fuck them by 200
seats.
I heard,
I heard a comic at one of the clubs,
one of the clubs I was working that a comic came through and that he would take
so many comps.
They would sell it out and he had it.
He was on a guarantee and then they would take like 40 comps or whatever and
then his manager would be outside scalping the comp.
So,
oh my God.
No,
but I love that story.
That's hilarious.
That sounds normal.
That sounds like a guy trying to hustle.
Hey,
you gotta make money.
What are you going to do?
You know,
maybe he's managing a guy that's on TV.
It just needs some,
no,
this guy was a big name and he names you got bills,
you know,
it's got a little overhead.
He wants to make an extra.
I mean,
what are they?
Let's say 40 bucks a year.
I know I got bills to pay.
I've got bills to pay.
Do you ever,
do you guys ever count?
I've done that before where I will sit in the back and just try to count like I
have a rough number.
Yeah,
I absolutely,
I do
do that when you should know how many seats of club has legitimately if you got
a deal,
but if you don't have a deal it doesn't matter.
You know,
if you get paid x amount.
I've had some shitty shit just happened to me lately where um,
you know,
where,
uh,
I,
well you know what I think about thinking about whether or not you want to say
it right.
Yeah,
I know what you're saying.
There's a,
you know,
and like I said,
I appreciate comedy club owners cause it's a fucking business that I don't want
to be in.
No,
it's,
I don't want to deal with a bunch of guys like us.
Could you imagine dealing with a bunch of us every week?
That's who you're making your living off of this.
That'd be crazy.
You got to count on Joey d has to show up for a weekend or you don't pay your
fucking bills.
You know,
you got to count on this guy to show up and not be crazy.
That guy show up and not do crack after the first show and then fuck off.
They'll the last two shows
love.
I just worked at,
uh,
the club owner.
Great Guy.
And it's a,
it's a funny,
have you ever heard of this club Captain Bryan's?
No.
That kept him rinds?
It's a seafood restaurant in Florida and the guy brings in the big,
big names and you know,
drew Carey did it recently and,
and he,
this guy knows how to market.
He knows how to sell tickets.
He's in this little island in Florida called Marco Island and he packs the
seafood place and he sells everyone at dinner and he's moving up,
uh,
up near Naples to a 650 seat location that possibly if they moved the chairs
right,
they can put 1100.
Oh my God,
he's,
and he's awesome.
And he stands by the comics.
I love this because there was a comic who got in trouble recently,
like got in trouble down there and the cops were after him and he stood by him.
And uh,
the other night I gotten a bit of an altercation at his club and I thought he
wasn't there and I thought I called them the next day to kind of say,
look,
wasn't my fault.
Just want to let you know.
And they're all like,
don't worry about it.
He's got your back.
Like he's,
he's stands behind his comics.
And I thought,
Oh,
you know,
I'm getting,
they're going to tell me,
never fucking come back here.
Blah,
blah,
blah.
And uh,
and he's,
he's,
he's one of those good guys.
There's a lot of real,
there's a lot of scumbags.
There's a lot of piece of shit
business.
The club business is tough.
First of all,
who's your,
the people that you're dealing with for the most part are drunk.
You,
you're basically a drug dealer.
That's what you are.
Not only that,
they do their drugs in your establishment and by the way you could be sued if
you give them too many drugs and they get in their car and go smashing into
somebody and kill them.
Yeah.
So you've got a lot of stress and then you got these drunk people that want to
yell things out.
I want to show is going on and then you have to get them kicked out and then you
find out your bartenders been stealing from you and then you found out,
you know,
this is going on and that's going the wars in the world and your place and we're
not the worst.
I think we're second.
I think bands,
yeah,
I think bands would be worse,
but I think Dan's get a little more of a,
a little more leeway than,
yeah,
I don't know about that man.
They're expected to fuck up there.
They're expected to be wild and crazy.
But I know a band which were main stone temple pilots and they were hired for a
birthday party of a friend of mine,
Dan White.
And I was there while that's Scott Guy,
the lead guy was throwing a fucking temper tantrum in the back about the show
like has to start and you know,
an x amount of minutes or they're fucking leaving and fuck this and fuck us any
of the heroin addict.
Yeah,
yeah.
They were paying him a shit load of money to be there.
And it was really weird because the show starts and they go,
I mean this is a private party and fucking stone temple party,
Stone Temple pilots.
Is that a private party?
Yeah.
Okay.
So I don't know what insane amount of money they had to pay them to do that,
but I assume it was big money.
So,
um,
anyway,
they come out and are fucking nailing it,
but no one's paying attention.
It's the weirdest thing ever because you've got stone temple pilots and they
were on stage and they're fucking killing it.
That guy is a bad motherfucker.
And when I watched it,
I was like,
I was like inspired to perform better on stage after watching him do a live
show.
But when I tell you there's 10 people on the dance floor,
I'm being kind.
There's 10 people in the dance world and the stone temple mother fucking pilots
is onstage.
They didn't know what to do yet because everybody had been sitting down before.
Uh,
we brought stone temple pilots up.
It was like a happy birthday,
Dana thing.
A bunch of people gave speeches and I,
I gave a speech and then I brought up stone temple pilots.
So then someone says one of the executives like,
come on everybody,
get up,
get up.
Like he felt bad that no one was on the dance floor,
but it was,
it was a strange moment.
Like first of all,
people did not expect that stone temple pilots is going to be there.
It was a surprise.
So it kind of trip Dana a trip to everybody.
I feel like what?
And then boom,
these guys go up on stage and people didn't know exactly what to do.
Well I've,
I've,
I've talked to guys in bands and,
and for them,
you know,
for us corporates are fucking hell.
She's feeling,
you feel like a whore.
Well,
they do too in bands.
And it's tough because when,
when they play a concert there fans come to see them.
All of a sudden in that crowd,
there might've been maybe a 10th of the people where their fan,
well,
there were so bad ass,
it didn't matter.
But what did matters at the end,
he had to sing happy birthday to Dana,
had a singing happy birthday,
you're singing happy birthday and now you're not just saying it,
you're saying it to a man and you have sang happy birthday to a man and that's
part of
like a slow song or is it like it like a rock out song on his Dick in his hand.
So mean you can't sing that fast when you're jerking off.
He just got kicked out by the way.
They kicked [inaudible] pilots kicked him.
I met him in,
uh,
you know,
the bar right next to the left factory.
Uh,
I forget what it used to be called,
hide or something.
It's in there one night.
And this dude walks up to me and ask me for drugs and I look at them,
I look at them and I go,
holy fuck,
it's you.
And I'm like,
how cliche is this?
Like you just,
but he and I was all excited and I'm like,
why don't you just fucking ask me for drugs?
And everyone in there was like,
yeah,
he asked us to,
he asked everyone here,
like,
he just walked around going,
you got drugs,
you've got drugs.
She got drugs.
I hung out with that dude from Friday last night.
The big guy looks like ving Rhames by out one of his eyes is like silver and
stuff like that.
You know what I'm talking about?
That big,
big black dude.
What's this?
Oh,
Debo.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I know you're talking about.
Yeah,
he,
uh,
he was there with his daughter,
like six year old,
seven year old daughter and his wife and he just came in to hang out for a bit
to the comedy store.
Oh,
that's hilarious.
1:00 AM if you want to meet famous people,
go to the comedy clubs in La.
Yeah,
they go,
there's a lot of that.
Bam.
Was there also wasted Dan Scott,
Waylon guy.
What,
what drugs in specific?
I don't want to,
I don't want to say,
but I think he has for,
I'm not positive,
but I think he has for coke.
I think he has what code somebody would ask for.
Cause you're not gonna ask for heroin is heroin on them who asked for?
We'd ask you for weed all the time.
Yeah.
But a lot of people ask me for a week.
But you're hanging around with brokers at the comedy store?
No,
it's mostly tourists from Canada and stuff.
Oh,
even worse.
And I've been accused actually this week twice I was accused of being on coke
twice.
I hung out after my shell.
I met,
uh,
these doctors who went to the same university I went to and we started talking
and uh,
they came back the next night and they were talking to me and something came up
about drugs and they were like,
oh you don't,
you really don't do cocaine.
I said,
no.
And they go,
oh,
we were sure you were on coke.
Your pupils are really dilated and uh,
these two doctors thought it was uncovered.
So then the next night I got in some gotten this like altercation with this dude
and he's like,
you're on coke,
you're on coke.
And I'm like,
no,
not like,
he's like,
I'm getting the cops.
And I'm like,
yeah,
I'm not,
that's hilarious.
Yeah.
And I'm like,
why?
Why does everyone think I'm going?
And I said,
you're a little like that's what he said.
My friends.
Yeah.
They were like,
you're,
you look like you're okay.
Oh you don't,
there's a big difference.
People would just like to say shit like that.
If you have too much energy,
I want to calm you down and slow you down.
It's sort of a subliminal way to get you to stop being.
So if they're getting,
if they're getting elevated and you're getting elevated,
if they say you're on coke,
you automatically tried to like suppress it.
Well it's the checkers move probably what was happening.
Cause this guy and I were kind of getting in a fight and he was like,
I'm calling the cops.
I'm sure you fight so much right now.
He's never fight.
I never ever get really close.
But no,
this one almost happened Saturday night.
About what?
Um,
I walked,
I was leaving the comedy club and um,
I'm going to,
I rented a scooter,
I was on this little island and rented a scooter and I thought it was so much
fucking fun.
I could,
not bad,
but I just don't trust those car things are all around you.
Yeah.
But this island,
nobody,
there are people in golf carts.
It's isolated.
So I see the staff in this bar across the parking lot,
this Irish pub.
And I thought,
I'll go in and they're all really nice.
They work well.
I'll go buy them around and say good night.
So I go in to buy them around the drinks and the bartender kind of loses it.
This chick that,
uh,
it's one 30 and she's like,
ah,
you know,
it's the last call or whatever.
And I said,
I just want to get them a drink.
And she,
they said,
I thought you stay open until two.
It's always up until two.
She started yelling at them and she was being really country to every single
person.
And I like to think I'm good with people.
So I went around the bar and culture to the side to be nice to her and say,
Hey,
I know you might be having a bad night,
that kind of thing.
I'm sorry Blah Blah Blah.
I'm sorry if I ordered around,
it's late because really I wanted more lives in my drink that she gave me and I
go out,
is there any way I can get some more lines?
And she was like,
really?
You want more fucking limes and your drink?
And I was like,
yeah.
And then it just started to get more and more heated where she just was like,
be rating me like just,
and it wasn't,
it wasn't like this Daniel Tosh like ha ha ha,
I'm joking kind of thing.
It was,
she was just being a cunt to me and I went like this at the end she goes,
so do you want your limes now?
And I go,
no,
I,
I don't want the lines.
I don't want anything from you.
I go,
cause you're a horrible person.
I go and I don't say that to anyone.
I go,
you're a horrible person.
And I walked over to the other,
the staff and I go,
she's a worst person I've ever met.
Yeah.
My life.
I go,
well,
you got off light.
If does the worst person you ever met?
Well,
I was exaggerating the spell horrible with a w,
but I can't.
I said,
this person,
I don't know what happened to her in her life,
who physically or mentally abused her or whatever.
I said,
I go,
I've had murderers on my podcast that are nicer people than her.
I've had,
I've had a couple people in my life that have murdered people.
You shouldn't say that problem.
And I said,
no,
they're,
they've gone to jail and served time and everything's okay.
But I go,
I,
she's still,
and I just kept talking to them but loudly that she could hear it.
So she went in the back and started crying and uh,
like I broke her.
She,
she,
that was it.
And,
uh,
so I'm out in the parking lot and all of a sudden two guys that work in the back
of the kitchen come running out at me and they come like running at me.
And I know there were cops in the parking lot.
I go where the cops and I'm just like backing up,
like looking for the cops.
Cause I'm like,
I'm not going to fight these guys.
And then,
uh,
no cops.
So I'm like,
Oh fuck,
this is happening.
And I'm like,
they're going to,
they're going to jump me,
you know,
this is like some town in Florida.
And I'm like,
I don't know what to do.
So I,
uh,
do what I do best.
I lied.
What'd you do?
You don't want to fuck with me.
God,
I look at the one guy who,
a year old,
I'll drop you in one punch.
And I looked the other guy go,
I fight MMA,
dude,
I'm gonna choke you out.
I'm going to kick your teeth in.
I go,
when you go out,
I'm kicking your fucking teeth in and you're going to,
you're going to wake up with no teeth.
And I'm going to right away on my scooter and I know word,
I didn't mention it as a skirt.
It diffused.
It's so quickly cause the guy realized that like,
and he was like a big fat dude and the truth is one on one.
I could probably,
here's what happened,
the old dude and the fat dude want to fuck the con.
Yeah,
exactly.
The exact came out to try to get some Brownie points.
They tried to do some white knight action but then the dude goes to pull out of
his pocket and I'm like,
oh fuck,
he's got a gun.
And I'm like,
I should have just run.
Should I just run when they came out and he pulls out his cell phone,
he goes,
I'm calling the cops and I'm like,
good,
you guys just,
we're going to jump me.
I go get the cops.
And he goes,
you're on coke,
you're on coke.
And Cause I was getting,
I'm like,
I'll fucking drop both of you.
I'll do it.
And uh,
I mean well that's Florida.
That sounds like a coke move our Florida to talk some shit and make up a story.
But you'd be remember may fighter.
What if the guy was like,
who do you fight for?
I was just,
I was doing anything to save myself from fighting because I was like,
I do not want to fight these two guys because my thing is I never want to go to
jail.
I'm not,
I'm claustrophobic.
I don't want to a line of cops don't know the whole story.
Exactly.
You don't know if the guy's going to be a friend of the cops in a small town
like that easily.
The cops could beat the fuck out of you for,
and I had just heard that about a comedian
that was there a few weeks ago who,
it's very funny story.
You got to name this guy or no,
you mother fucker.
You full of half story.
I'll tell it.
I don't think he'll care even if it was Jeff Dye and Jeff.
Dot.
He's a good guy and he's a funny guy and he,
he,
he was on last comic standing and he's got a show on MTV.
But Jeff,
they stole some,
they were like some bar after the show and they stole a jersey,
like Frame Jersey off the wall,
took it back to the Condo,
had these chicks were in it,
taking pictures of it every,
putting it on Instagram,
putting on everywhere.
Then the,
the,
the bar called the cops.
Cops got involved.
They,
they,
they bring it back.
They apologized and everything.
So show Sunday night they go back to the bar after the show,
they take it again.
What?
Fly with it to la once,
put it back on Instagram and then all this shit happen again and they had to
send it back.
Oh my God.
But that happens.
That happened two weeks ago.
So in my head I'm like,
these cops aren't going to not going to like a comedian in the parking lot.
Oh yeah.
Starting to fight.
Yeah.
That's just move.
Jeff Dye was the one that attacked Tony Hinchcliffe ones on on Twitter,
calling him out saying they attacked him about what?
His comedy.
Really?
Yeah.
What about it was,
it was so long ago,
but we did a podcast all about it.
It was something I didn't like.
It was something like a Tony,
if you know Tony's a comedy,
it's very sarcastic,
very dry,
very like almost like a Jeffrey Ross the burn cause he,
that's what he does for a living.
He writes for it and he said something like he was having like a weird set and
then Tony said something like,
you know too like I know I'm a great comedian so fuck you.
Or something like that.
I'm sarcastic.
And Jeff,
Jeff started like tweeting things like,
Tony,
you your ego this or something like that.
I can't remember,
but it was in a podcast.
We did an ice house chronicles the day it happened.
Uh,
and yeah.
Do you know when some situations like that happen when a guy just decides to
like go after another comedian?
Right.
That's what I know.
It's kind of weird.
Why would you do that?
It's a,
it's a douchebag detecting device.
That's what it is.
It's like when the guy flares up like that,
like,
Oh,
you've been trying to hold that Douche bag down,
I'm having you look,
it just flared.
He saw a guy say something and he decided it was time to cut it out.
I'm amazed when guys do it because I,
well,
I've always been under the impression that like if I don't like you,
I'll say,
I don't like to your like a guy's bombing.
And he says,
I know I'm a great comedian,
so fuck you guys.
That's kind of a funny thing to say and you just decided to go and attack him.
Why are you doing?
You're doing it because you're insecure.
That's the only,
the only reason why anybody does it was kind of a code of ethics among comics to
not go after each other.
Like,
well,
especially when you're fucking around.
You know,
I've,
I've heard people talk shit about guys that went on stage and we're trying out
new material and new material fucking socked.
It was terrible.
Like how about you don't even write any new material.
All right,
you're making fun of a guy who was up there and you know,
maybe it didn't go well,
you know,
maybe tried some shit down and didn't go well,
but what the fuck man,
you know,
for you to you pretending you don't know what that's like.
What does it say?
Here's what he said.
And the winner for the most disgusting display of arrogance is Tony Hinchcliffe
false sense of fame,
all what's raw.
And Tony says,
oh well what's wrong?
How'd he pants?
And then he wrote back,
Tony,
you told the crowd I tape TV today,
so if this goes bad,
fuck you.
That's funny.
That's,
that's like,
that's the same,
it's a joke.
That's,
yeah,
exactly.
That sounds exactly what I tell Tony Change cliff does his whole act sounds like
there was more though.
It's behind that.
No,
there wasn't.
I asked Tony,
he's like,
I don't even really,
well,
Tony's gotten notoriety right now.
You know,
he's working for the burns.
Doing well.
That was one thing that I,
I've always noticed whenever a comic would break away from the pack,
you would always see a lot of guys talking shit about them.
Especially in the early days,
like the first guys to get sitcoms and you know,
and the first guys to like get Pete.
I remember having conversations with people and I'm like,
why do you care?
Like how does it affect you if this guy is not funny but he's doing really well.
Somebody always selects them.
I've always,
whenever I feel anger towards the comedian,
I always try to look at myself and say,
am I angry at them or I'm angry at myself because I'm not doing what they're
doing.
My angry cause I don't have the Sitcom.
Am I angry?
Because,
because I'm not for sure there's that and you don't want for sure that people
have different tastes too.
And if I don't like something,
it doesn't mean it's not good.
Like I was in a car the other day and some guy tried to play some band for me,
you know,
and he's playing it loud.
I'm like,
Oh my God,
I'm going to open this door and jump.
I'm like,
this is terrible.
This music is terrible.
And he's like,
they're cool new indie band from Seattle.
I'm like,
they need to stop.
They need to stop right now.
I'm like,
this is nails on a chalkboard.
But to him this was like some cool shit that he wanted to play me.
You know,
and I look,
Eddie Bravo doesn't like Leonard Skinner.
Okay.
I try to play some lanterns,
Kenny for every,
and he probably doesn't want to hear Lance,
Karen,
I,
you know,
I can play it for already fear.
Who's got like the shittiest,
he likes Lana del Ray and he'll,
he only listens to it when he's naked,
but like his,
his sense of music,
I'm not into his type of music,
but I can play him some Leonard Skinner and least you can understand it.
Well,
Bravo was like my best friend doesn't even like Laird skin.
I think people are more understandable understanding about that with music.
They're not with comedy.
He's bat that.
People always say to me,
is he funny?
And I go,
yeah,
it's not my thing,
but I'm not going to say if he's bad,
he's not funny or not when he's not musical.
It's like one of the things that comes up when you're developing an act and in
developing an audience is like when you first go on stage,
like the first year is like the first 10 plus years of your comedy career.
Most likely the people who have no idea who the fuck you are.
And so you,
although you might have your own shit that you would like to talk about,
you got to like get into their head first with some fairly neutral or homogenous
or confidence building stuff so that then you could take them into deeper waters
once they already,
like you said,
it will take like a lot longer to like get to it.
You know?
So this is like,
there's a benefit like as a comic to that and that benefit is that you're
learning how to craft material and you're learning how to pull people in.
You're learning how to like how to not lose him with controversial stuff.
In the beginning that would work if you did it 1520 minutes in instead of like
your first bit.
You know?
And I think that a lot of times when you're seeing like a new and upcoming
Comedians,
man,
there's a lot of frustration going on.
There's a lot of like rejection and there's a lot of like,
everybody's trying to put it together and get something to happen.
So there's all this fucking tension.
So when a guy like Tony Hinchcliffe is doing good fucking arrogant fucking
bullshit,
or how long has [inaudible] been around?
Not that long.
Yeah.
He's fucking good man.
I'll tell you,
I took that kid to Indianapolis.
He was really funny.
Yeah.
He's,
he made me laugh.
He destroyed in La Jolla this week ad Lib in a bunch of Shit,
uh,
about the,
the situation,
something that happened.
I've only seen him or on the ice house chronicles.
I did,
or I did a,
when we sat there and he was doing a lot of,
he did impressions.
Oh,
he is,
he does a lot of Brody impression,
but they were like dead on.
He's good.
Like dead.
Oh,
he's a funny kid.
I always liked comics that can do impressions of other comics that no one like
not like this other guy,
you know,
he's just frustrated.
That's what it is.
It's just that's it's a part of,
and you know what the field is sting of being recognized for being up kind of a
country bitch.
You know what,
when something like that,
cause that's good for your personality,
you need to know that that type of behavior is loathsome.
And then when people read shit like that,
they,
they lashed back at you because they know exactly what you're really doing.
I had it when I,
when I first started comedy and I was in New York,
I got a lot of shit too early,
like way too early.
Like a lot of shit.
Oh No,
like,
like festivals and TV shows and your cute little fellow.
But I didn't deserve it and everyone let me know it,
you know all the comments and let me know it's no,
there's no deserve it.
You know you get a shot,
you get a lottery ticket pops up,
you grab it,
there's no deserve it because what do you really,
what is the shot for?
Is the shot for you doing a sitcom?
Cause if it is,
guess what?
Anybody can do that.
It could get comic that's sucks.
His common could be terrible,
but if you write good lines from an a sitcom,
you could do it.
I was funnier on news radio than I wasn't my real act when I first started doing
news radio 94 that wasn't that good of a comedian.
I don't know.
I saw you.
I always say this.
I saw you I think before I started doing stand up,
I saw you Sarah Silverman and I forget who it was on Caroline's comedy hour and
it changed comedy for me because you guys were dirty and I never saw a dirty on
TV.
Like you couldn't be dirt and I couldn't believe the Shit Sarah was saying.
I couldn't believe what you were saying.
And I was like,
oh I think I want to do this now.
Like the fact that this is what,
this is what I talk about.
Let me rephrase that.
I had probably like 20 good minutes of fuck jokes,
but it wasn't a real comic.
You know what I'm saying?
Headline,
headline.
But realistically,
did I really have an hour and not really.
I had,
you know,
I had an hour,
but 40 minutes of it probably sucked.
I had known I had to,
I headlined way before I should.
Absolutely.
We all did.
I mean,
I could,
was capable of doing an hour,
an hour,
like a year in.
But was it a good hour?
No,
it was dog shit.
It was terrible.
My Third Gig ever a guy took me to Dan Rosenberg.
Uh,
he's,
I still see him around sometimes.
Dan Rosenberg,
I was living in Pittsburgh.
He goes,
hey,
you want to open for me?
And I said,
yeah,
you know,
I was doing,
uh,
like open mic spots at the funny bone in Pittsburgh.
He goes,
all right,
we're going to oil city.
We're playing this VFW.
And I was like,
all right,
we get there.
And he goes,
so you're going to do 30,
35 and uh,
I'll do 45 to an hour.
And I went,
how,
how long?
And he goes,
30 minutes.
You got 30 minutes.
I went,
I got five.
Oh my God.
Oh,
that's a horrible,
it's a person doesn't understand how terrifying.
That's a terrible,
terrible feeling.
Wrote jokes right there.
He's writing them.
So my point is,
when someone was giving you shit,
if they were giving you shit saying that,
you know,
you shouldn't have got that so,
so soon,
stop it.
That doesn't mean nobody should have,
what if it's a six?
Well that's what you ate it all.
So you gotta know,
I came up through the comedy cellar in New York,
right?
With all the guys from tough crowd and that sense of humor of just shitting on
each other.
It's great.
And they fucking tear Patrice.
O'Neil used to,
uh,
I would see Patrice.
I would walk in the club up.
I saw Patrice.
I would go back out and go downstairs and come in the other way.
Cause you didn't want to fucking with you.
Oh,
he would just fucking kill me.
He was hilarious.
But it's like when he fucks with you,
it's like an honor,
you know,
it's fun.
It's like people who are not comics will probably never understand that way of
interacting with each other.
Well,
I walked in,
we used to do the roasts in New York City.
That's like kind of where,
I mean they'd always done roasts,
but the,
the kind of reinvention of the roast happened through,
you know,
all those guys,
Geraldo and all these guys in New York.
And the first one I went to,
I think it might've been for Barry Katz or for,
I forget who it was for,
but I walk in and rich Vos is hosting it and I walk in and I sit down.
I'm all excited.
I'm at the roast and he opens and he goes,
I'd like to thank all the comedians and Eddie gift for being here tonight.
And I just fucking melted.
I was just shitting myself.
And then they hit me like four more times during the roast.
And a rich vos would go.
Yeah.
Uh,
apparently IDF just got another development deal or his parents just gave him
some more money and he was just killing me.
And then Bill Burr,
they all fucking smashed me.
And I remember like,
I was going to cry.
Like,
it hurts so bad.
Oh,
you pussy more or less.
And I'm walking out and Tony Woods grabbed me.
You know Tony Woods?
Yeah,
sure.
Tony goes,
dog,
what are you doing?
Why are you upset?
And I go,
they just smashed me.
And he goes,
dude,
they're talking about you.
Where did you start doing comedy?
I started in Pittsburgh.
I was there for about nine months and decided,
you know,
I don't want to be in Pittsburgh,
so why are we having a hard time with the wig comic's role in New York?
Because I've went to New York and uh,
he didn't know anybody like that.
I didn't know one of,
no,
not really.
Pittsburgh wasn't like that.
And uh,
I went to New York and they just beat late.
It's Boston.
It's Boston to Boston was ruthless.
Patrice and bill birth,
both of them from Boston.
That's,
that's the,
those are fucking drunk fishermen.
But I like,
I have that now and you know,
I develop that from them and I do it to people and I forget how sensitive
people,
I mean,
I just had a guy quit my podcast because I was always fucking with them.
And Will you look your guy you worked with any,
but I fuck with everyone and I don't realize how sensitive people are.
Comics like it,
you know,
like,
can you love it now?
He and Joey Diaz will start fucking with each other sometimes insulting each
other,
fake consulting each other.
It's so fun.
I was like,
what are you,
what are you doing?
Cock soccer.
You've got to fucking typo class to go through.
Sit the fuck down.
It'll say shit to you.
And Lillian Socio is funny.
What are you going to fucking kill?
Shake up your ass.
You're walking around like a fucking Momo.
Sit down.
I live for,
when I see rich Vos,
I just love to go head to head with.
It's fun.
I enjoy it.
You know,
I remember I was listening to opiate Anthony and they're talking about Louis C K
and Bobby Kelly or a Jim Norton.
We're talking about how comics it would interact with each other and no one
could ever understand it.
Jim Norton had a slice of pizza and Louis C k just slap the pizza out of his
hand.
It says something like your mother's account and just walk away.
And Norton just couldn't help but laugh and he ha he couldn't help a lab.
We just,
we used to do a thing at the cellar where you were,
if you were looking at anything on paper like it,
usually the lineup sheet is on the table.
If you were looking at it,
one of the other comics would grab it out of your hand and crumple it up and
throw it on the ground.
And so one night Tony Rock is reading a newspaper article and it's a review of
his show or something about him.
And Steve Byrne walks in,
grabs it,
crumples it up and throws it on the ground and Tony just punches him.
Right.
Oh my God.
Where was this at the last act of the seller and the seller.
I mean,
there was so much shit like that punched him in the face.
I like really like really hit them and uh,
they got into a fight.
No,
I mean they didn't fight after that.
Tony was bad.
I talked to Tony,
he's like,
it's the first time I was ever written up in the paper and uh,
you know,
Tony was a brand new comic and he gets,
he fucking crumpled it up.
And I'm like,
well,
you know,
but we had,
there's,
there's a thing at the comedy cellar table that says comics only like four.
There's a table just for the comedians.
And it was just every night they would do it to somebody.
You'd be sitting there and they grab it and they just put it in front of you.
The comics only table is a beautiful idea.
It is.
It's amazing.
It's the other way people can get to you though.
People do come around,
but that's what they do.
They'll put
the little fig in front of them saying,
come,
it's only like cold.
And so they do it to comics sometimes sit down and we'll go
stand like that.
Sounds rude.
But that's the environment required to do good comedy.
Yeah,
like you have to also be aware that if you do some cheesy,
stupid shit,
they're going to call you on it.
So you got to feel that.
You've got to feel that from those people in the room.
And that added pressure.
It makes you develop.
It was onstage there one night and you have to,
to get to the bathroom,
you have to walk past the stage.
You're literally one table back.
The row runs parallel to the stage and I'm doing my act and Jim Norton walks by
me,
looks at me and he's as far as you to me right now.
And he goes,
oh,
he goes to the bathroom,
comes back from the bathroom,
looks at me again and gets double.
Oh,
it just goes,
it's only fun for Comedians,
ma'am.
Regular people.
If you did that at work,
you'd get sued.
Yeah,
You would lose your Gig.
Maybe people fucking can't crack jokes at work,
you know?
And there's,
there's people that are annoying about that shit,
but there's a lot of like funny that gets cut out of the workplace.
Do you remember the water balloons at the comedy store too?
Um,
let's,
let's not talk about that as if it actually happened,
but wouldn't it be cool if somebody married have done that?
If somebody might have launched water balloons with a catapult off the comedy
store and flew them towards the sky bar where there was a bunch of assholes
waiting in line to get in and might have how I can,
anything funnier launched like 35 miles an hour.
I mean,
they hit the cars.
Yeah.
These people got hit in the head and their heads would snap back.
And these are like Paris Hilton's and stuff.
I was a have a new respect for everyone that was involved in that.
I was fortunately on the ground level,
so I heard screaming.
That's how I found that it was going on.
I heard screaming across the street and then I see this dude get hit in the
fucking head,
like the Zapruder film.
I mean his head snaps back.
So,
I mean it's a fucking court of water hit this dude in the face.
It was really kind of fucked up because they had this contract and this
allegedly had,
allegedly,
I don't even remember who was on the roof.
It was some employees though Julie,
who could get in trouble now allegedly,
I don't remember who it was.
And you know,
eye witness accounts are some of the worst pieces of evidence you're ever going
to come across.
So the reality is,
I honestly honestly do not remember exactly who did it.
It was some employee,
but you could like put in my mind it was this guy and I'd be like,
okay,
we had a secret show where all the people involved to talk about it.
I bet this is a lot of people not pretending to be involved because the cops
came to the store and they were looking for the people,
but nobody could figure out what happened.
I don't think they even looked on the roof.
Did they ever look on the roof?
No,
not really happened.
Genius though.
Oh it was.
It was ruthless.
But it was a standup Comedians,
you know,
drunk and high.
Go on.
Should we?
Yeah.
Fuck it.
That's awesome.
But we didn't know about it literally until it happened.
You know that front area of the common patterns are sensing cameras.
Like we used to throw crab apples at cars,
his kids,
that was our,
we would take these apples and you would just hit cars as hard as you could as
they're driving down the road.
Some east coast shit or snowballs.
Snowballs in the middle of winter with snow all over the road.
How about snowballs with rocks?
Inside of that was a big one.
A lot of kids did that.
You drive by and you hear your car go like you motherfucker hit the brakes and
then they scattered in three different directions.
We used to set up our escape routes.
Like we had this one behind these trees.
We'd be behind these trees,
we'd throw the crab apples and we kind of try to,
once they stopped,
we'd kind of show ourselves.
Cause we had such an amazing escape route.
We wanted them to come after.
We'd run through this guy's backyard and he had a creek through his backyard,
like I've kind of lived near the woods and he had a pipe,
the creek went and a pipe that went under the road.
So there was a fence around his yard and it was like,
uh,
if you open the fence,
it closed itself.
So we had a stick that would keep the fence open the door.
The last guy would kick the stick out to the gate,
would close if they were chasing you.
We'd run down into the creek,
through the pipe and come up on the other side of the road and just watch him
looking for us.
That's awesome.
And we lived for this.
What have you fell and cracked her ankle and that guy came there and just fucked
your face.
Knocked all your teeth out.
No,
no,
no fat Quaker oats box cock out of his pants and just fuck your faith and your
friends.
There are a bunch of pussies are not going to help you guys get a giant hard on.
It's just been waiting for some kid to throw a piece of fruit.
It is.
Cars.
We can find an excuse to punch his teeth out.
Fuck his face.
He's just got you pinned up against the opening of that tube.
That was cement tube.
I'm writing this as
you,
you know,
know whether you should rub his balls to make it go quicker.
This movie,
right finger his ass.
And maybe this will come or just,
no,
but I did have a cousin I fight it.
Would that make them come quicker?
I had a cousin who uh,
who said,
uh,
you know,
he was the older cousin Ted Ted Smith said to me,
if you get caught,
you're on your own.
That was the deal.
You're on your own.
Ted gets caught.
Who were you with Eddie gift?
I saw some kid beat the fuck out of some other guy who threw a snowball at his
car.
Really?
Some guys threw snowballs at this guy's car and hit the car.
Boom,
boom.
And you see the guy lock up,
hit the brakes,
she car shots,
click.
He throws it into park and he's just sprinting from the moment he gets out of
the car.
He,
he was,
there was no hesitation.
This guy had a fucking plan and the kid hesitated for a second.
It was like,
Oh shit.
Like it was the cod came out way too.
He just didn't,
you know,
you got a,
if a guy starts running at you,
you got to know when to run.
And this guy was,
he was a motherfucker.
He's a tough guy.
Obviously.
He was an athlete too.
He moved really quick,
took this guy down and just smashed his fucking face and people were screaming,
stop hitting him.
Stop hitting him.
He beat the fuck out of this guy.
I don't like,
I've never had it happen to me where I got hit by anything driving now,
I don't know if kids still do
do it.
Fuck yeah,
they do it.
He did crazy.
If you leave kids outside and there's snow,
they're thrown it at cars.
That's a fact.
There's no getting away from that.
But if you throw a rock inside a snowball and you hit someone's car,
you kind of deserve to get your ass.
You shouldn't get killed,
you know?
But I mean,
some of them maybe should scare the fuck.
I ain't smacking my face.
There's a lot of kids do that,
man.
A lot of you throwing crab apples,
you fuck their battles will dent the shit out of a car.
There was this crazy fucking group of kids.
It's in our neighborhood that uh,
used to uh,
fucked up crazy kids and uh,
they used to tie a dummy to like a rope up in a tree and swing it across the
road in front of,
Oh my God.
Yeah.
That's when people die.
Yeah,
these guys were fucking crazy when I was in high school,
there was this one dude and he was,
I think he went to the rival high school and he was a little older.
So say if I was like 15,
he was like maybe 18 or 19 or something like that.
And his parents had a lot of money and a folks who grew up in Newton will know
this story.
Uh,
Newton,
Massachusetts in the 1980s,
I guess I was probably a freshman in high school,
so it was like 1981.
Well,
this guy had a trans-am,
like a fucking Burt Reynolds style chain with the Eagle on the,
on the hood and he ran over it,
dude.
And the guy got trapped under his car and he drove with the body under his car
for miles.
He just killed the guy by driving with this guy under his car.
Is he in prison still?
Oh,
I don't know.
I don't know if he's still in prison.
I know he went to jail.
I mean,
I know it was a big case.
It was all over the,
it was in the front page of the [inaudible]
globe.
Yep.
My big story,
my high school has been on sky.
My high school has been on the cover of USA Today,
like three times in my life.
One,
it was with,
uh,
our quarterback from our football team sprained his ankle at a pep rally and
they made a joke about it and like a little blurb that he at the pep rally,
he couldn't,
that's not as good as my story.
No,
but listen to this one.
Okay.
There was a guy to two guys and I,
I'm really,
um,
I'm pulling out of the one right now.
I'll tell the one,
the other one,
I will tell you off air and I'll tell you why because her mother Fucker,
I know,
I know.
Tell stories.
I kind of told it on my pockets a little bit and had to pull out of it and edit
it because he will,
he'll find us all.
And he's an evil genius.
The one dude,
but I don't mind.
But the other dude,
his name was Bob Corby and Bob Corby was the guy,
he was like a seventh year senior in high school and when he would come to
school you would hear about it.
Everyone's like Corby's here.
He was biggest badass back then.
You know,
this is my seventh year senior mean.
He never graduated,
never graduated because he,
he'd come to school,
kids coming to school once a month.
But he was the toughest motherfucker ever.
And one time I saw him come down the hall and there was like these gang kids
that were the tough kids.
And he came down and I was just cutting class and he grabbed one of them and was
just banging his head in the locker at the time.
He was probably like 19 or something in high school,
douchebag.
But,
but the kid he was beating up was probably the same thing.
Like these are the degenerates that just never,
they never to,
so he's just abusing this kid.
I get so scared.
I walked straight into a classroom that's going on and the teacher is like,
what are you doing?
What are you doing in my classroom?
And I go,
Shit.
Cause I was so scared of what was going on in the hallway,
but I just went into a random classroom.
Well this dude,
cops used to,
it was a known thing,
uh,
that the cop said when you got to go pick up up core,
but you got to bring a lot of cops cause he's that bad ass.
Well,
a couple of years ago,
I see on the front page of the newspaper,
I'm sitting on a plane,
uh,
FBI agents come to his house because he's dealing drugs and his wife blows away
an FBI agent with a shotgun.
And,
uh,
what happened was cops came in,
he took the drugs,
flushed them down the toilet,
ran out the back door.
FBI agent says to his wife were coming upstairs.
She goes,
don't come up here.
She's got her baby.
She's got a shotgun.
She goes,
don't come up here.
And the FBI,
as you guys were coming up,
FBI,
and he comes around the corner and she just goes and kills now.
Uh,
the argument was going to be like,
she,
she ended up getting prison.
The Bob Corby didn't.
So I'm probably dead when I go back to Pittsburgh for telling him this.
But uh,
but she,
the argument was when drug dealers raid,
like,
why are you telling the story if you're
new tone on this mommy,
it was,
it was all over the newspaper.
I mean,
it's a,
it's a known,
so are still,
you're still saying you shouldn't be telling him no,
no,
I'm joking.
But,
uh,
but uh,
so she's shotgun the shotgun,
the cop that the argument is,
and if you know from Craig Glacier,
from Sanford and sons,
when he used to raid drug dealers,
that was how he made his money.
He would tell drug dealers that he was a cop and then take all that money.
That is true.
You never know if it's really the FBI.
So that was her defense is that these could have been drug dealers coming to
steal money.
She's protecting her child.
Yep.
She's right in a lot of ways,
you know?
Yeah.
But why would they looking for him?
Because he was selling drugs.
So she must have probably known that.
Right?
I mean,
they should probably,
yeah,
she probably thought someone,
he had a lot of priors.
That is a good excuse though,
that you could have thought of another drug dealer was stealing your money and
you know,
kind of calm and you have a woman with a child is a very fucking primal thing.
You know,
they'll defend their territory if they have a gun and some guy who may or may
not be an FBI agent coming up the stairs.
And how long did she go to jail for that?
I don't know.
I think she still says,
I think she's still in,
well this guy who um,
was the rival guy and uh,
you know from the rival
high school was like the cool guy because his parents were like really wealthy
so he had a car that was like,
we were all envious of like if we had a nice car back then it was an old shitty
car.
He had like a nice new car.
It was mind boggling to us this time of the 1980 trans am or what do you drove
over somebody?
He dragged this guy for,
I think it was something like seven miles and there was a meaty streak for seven
miles I need,
the guy was stuck under his,
you know,
it's a car and he,
it's a low car cause it's the Trans am and the guy got stuck under it and
dragged for like seven miles.
I dragged a hooker once for about,
uh,
I'd take like five feet a car in a car.
She was she hanging on or what?
He tried to put her arm in my window to unlock my door.
Like I put down the window a little bit.
It was like a crack whore.
And uh,
I was coming home from a Gig and uh,
I will admit I had had a little bit to drink and uh,
I was eating when talking shit,
I had a bag of Wendy's on my,
uh,
no,
it wasn't an,
I have a bag of Wendy's on my lap.
I'm eating and it's like three in the morning and uh,
this,
the hooker flags me down and I thought like it was an emergency type thing,
the way she was like wavy.
So I said,
what's going on?
And she goes,
um,
it's so cold,
it's so cold.
And I went well and I only put the window down,
just a crack to find out what was going on cause it's so cold,
it's so cold.
And I go,
Huh.
And I'm like,
all right,
this is weird.
She goes,
let me get in your car,
let me in your car.
And I'm like not letting this chicken my car.
And she goes,
come on,
I'll give you a blowjob.
And I was like,
Huh.
And she goes,
I'll do it cheap.
And then it like all occurs to me,
I'm like,
oh,
hooker.
And by the time I'm about to like put up the window and go,
she's putting her arm in trying to unlock the door.
And so I just hit the gas to like get away from her and this is all that split
second.
So my reaction is,
fuck this chick's getting him like,
ah.
And I drive and I just see her just get dragged and then thump.
And then,
oh my head,
I thought I was that dude.
I thought I drove over her.
I'm a God.
And there I am in the middle of the ghetto in Pittsburgh and you know,
taking a shortcut through,
no one's going to believe me,
they're all going to be like,
oh,
he just likes to kill hookers.
You know the question,
did you finish your sandwich?
Yeah.
You know what I think I did because what happened was I just see a stand.
I don't know.
I stopped,
I look in the rear view mirror,
she's fucking on the ground and I'm like fucking cold.
And I had to make this decision where I'm like,
do I fucking leave or not?
And I think we talked about this on the ice house.
I fucking,
I was like,
I drove,
I,
I sat there and she stood up and finally and dusted herself off and gave me the
finger and then I gave her the finger and I drove away.
You gave her the finger up to you almost killed her.
You happy that she was alive.
So I was like,
that's the end of my life.
What is your compassion?
No,
laughing.
You've got on with life,
man.
You could have been a murderer.
You weren't,
you should've been like,
ma,
that wouldn't have,
I mean
I would have gone to jail for murder,
but I don't know about that.
But I did.
I do not think you would have.
Yeah.
It kind of attacked you in some way.
No one's gonna believe that.
Oh,
they would believe you if you told the story exactly the way you did it.
You know,
you had a Wendy's bag and you're a jack in the box,
whatever the fuck it was.
Wendy's in your lap.
I mean,
it all makes sense.
Yeah.
He didn't know this is the spot where hookers are we from that town yet
you don't have,
I drove through that area and it was a shortcut,
but uh,
most people would be like,
where are you coming from?
Where are you going?
It wouldn't have been like,
why would you go that way?
There was a lot of car shit that went down when I was a kid that I remember that
was a real lesson.
Like a,
there was a kid that I knew that from my town that killed his best friend in a
drunk driving accident.
By the time we were like seniors,
he drove drunk and smashed into a tree and kill his friend.
And uh,
there was that guy who drove over the guy.
There was like,
there was quite a few of those little situations where someone died young.
That's it.
It's cars.
It's drugs.
Oh,
that was another one of God that we went to high school with was changing his
tire,
changes his tire on the side of the road and someone smashed in his car and
killed him.
Some he just wasn't paying attention.
So there's like,
those were like three giant lessons that I was very fortunate that I didn't have
to get on my own.
Like don't drive drunk,
don't,
don't stand on the side of the road,
changing a tire,
you know,
and you know,
you gotta be careful.
I'm not,
I'm not proud of it.
But I used to drive drunk a lot as a kid and I was bad.
I was really bad and I don't,
I don't ever do it now.
I never fucking do it.
Like,
cause I'm too afraid it's,
it's avoidable.
Yeah.
But it's really kind of crazy.
If you stop and think about the fashion,
they're saying drug stores and they have liquor and then there's bars and they
have liquor and then the supermarkets and they have liquor.
If marijuana was as readily available as alcohol,
you'll be fucking bananas because literally if you go down like Ventura
Boulevard in studio city,
every 20 feet,
you can buy alcohol.
There's like a series of bars and restaurants every 20 feet you can get fucked
up.
I'm amazed that I'm still alive.
Uh,
one time I was at a bachelor party and we left and we had to get,
we were on Lake George in New York and we had to get back to the house where we
were all staying and there was like one bar in this town and all these guys
piled in this minivan and we were supposed to have to like vans for all the
guys.
But one of the vans had to leave to take a guy to the hospital from the bar.
And uh,
we were leaving and this Australian buddy of mine that was there jumps on the
roof of the car.
And I think it's funny,
I jump on the roof of the car too while you're driving.
No,
this is in the,
in the parking lot.
And then there's like a whole bunch of guys in the van and cause it was really
crowded so he goes,
ah,
I'm getting on the roof.
And I went,
hey,
I need to just fucking around.
And the guy driving,
good friend of mine,
sterling fucking took off and were on the roof holding on to like the rain
gutters and he drives.
It was seven miles back,
nothing driving fucking fast and I'm trying to punch like the window with my
hand,
like open slap it going to slow the fuck,
like you're going to kill us.
Like in my head I went,
I'm dying because every turn we went around I had to like redistribute my weight
on the roof of the car or I was flying off and and in my head up gone,
this is it.
This is how I die for sure I'm dying.
No,
you were saying stop.
You're saying stop dreaming.
Stop what happened to him.
There's a van full of guys all screaming faster,
like thinking,
you know everybody's shit face to thought it was funny and thought it was
hysterical.
And then we,
when we stopped,
when we stopped at the house,
I was really angry.
Like he did like a doughnut in the parking lot.
We finally fell off and,
uh,
the,
my one friend of all my friends,
only one friend said to me,
he's like,
I was practically crying in there.
He's like,
I thought you were killing two people.
It could have hands.
Like,
he's like everyone,
but I look at the Australian guy next to me and I go,
we're going to fucking die.
I think it's my,
we need a cocktail up here.
Like,
he was just loving it and I'm like,
we're going to fucking die for sure.
If you fall off a car going any amount of miles an hour or 20 miles an hour,
probably going to 55 says Jesus,
they were dead as fuck.
Yeah.
I don't know how he did that.
Uh,
that football player,
the young was his name.
I forget something.
Henry died falling off.
What's it?
Chris Henry.
Yeah.
I fell off the back of a truck.
His wife was trying to get away from him.
Oh yeah.
You fell and cracked his head open.
I was embarrassed cause I kept thinking to myself this is how I'm going to die
and this is how my parents are going to have to like just such a whore like
yeah.
Are douchebags son was on the roof of a car and I was probably like 32 at the
time.
Like if I was 16 it'd be one thing.
Yeah.
I thought you were way younger.
I'm confused with the timeline.
Oh this is just a few years ago.
Oh Jesus Christ.
What the fuck man.
You hanging out with losers.
You don't like to
ghost ride your whip Joe.
That's ridiculous.
Yeah,
it was terrifying.
Yeah.
Gotta be real careful about what kind of drugs and hanging out with,
cause there's the drunks that try to top one up each other and try to out drunk.
What is this guy's riding the whip that that stupid thing that those kids do
where they get out in the get out of the car and dance and stuff while their
cars like still driving down the street.
Oh come on.
And it's called ghost writing.
The width.
You've never seen this?
No.
Oh God.
People really the fuck is this the one where they fuck it up?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Okay.
See this.
And a lot of times you get on top of the car,
sometimes you dancing next to the car.
I always go,
it's right from behind.
No way have you done it.
Yeah,
I've actually done it.
Oh see he falls.
So the other guy is screwed the Guy Cameron.
But yeah.
Runs right and it ran right into the camera.
God.
Yeah.
That's a good way to die,
right?
Yeah.
Cause you're filming of the most hilarious video ever.
And your fat friend falls off the fucking hood of the car as rolling towards you
with no brakes on.
I can't believe none out lonely.
One of the jackass guys has died and oh no.
Oh yeah.
It's not going on the highway.
Oh my God.
Look how fast he's going.
Or are they,
the guys were running towards it.
Yeah.
Cause it,
they're not going that fast.
So fucking stupid.
That's a good spot for it though.
If you're gonna do something fucking stupid.
There's an area out in Palmdale where we used to do all the fear factor stunts
because we would close off this giant stretch of road and we like set semis up
on it and people would be on the semis trying to jump from truck to truck and
shit like that.
But we would,
oh Jesus Christ.
Oh,
he's not going fast at all.
It just jumped right off of that thing.
That's ridiculous.
All right.
You can start with us.
You see anybody get really fucked up in fear factor?
Um,
no,
not really.
I mean,
the worst accident I ever saw,
I was like a dude jumping from one boat to another and like smashed his face.
Wipe out.
Yeah.
I mean he hit it hard,
the boom and it looked bad when I left shoulder.
How did they not fuck themselves up?
Boy,
how do they not have a concussion?
But Jackass is way scarier than fear factors.
Some of the shit those guys did.
Like when Johnny Knoxville was a fucking already a movie star puts a blindfold
on and he stands in front of a bowl and the bowl sends him flying through the
air while he's blindfolded.
Those guys are crazy.
Well,
do you ever watch nitro circus?
No.
Nitro circus is jackass with talent.
I can't watch that shit.
I find it so impressive.
These guys are like trained.
They're like,
they took like the best motocross racer,
the best,
the best BMX or the best skateboarder,
the best.
Everybody.
That's the best of what they do.
And they do stunts and they'd beat the shit out of each other.
They do stunts and they like,
they'll jump out of an airplane without a parachute,
hook up to another guy with a parachute and,
but they do these things that I'm like,
how are they not dead?
That so they're,
they're more taking risks,
whereas the jackass guys are hurting.
They're hurting each other.
A different scene because you're talking about guys like jackass.
Guys put bulletproof vests on and then get shot.
But the risks they're taking,
the jackass guys produced.
Johnny Knoxville produces nitric circuits.
If you watch it and Johnny does stuff and he,
that's where he hurt himself when he fucked up his dick.
But yeah,
he,
he had like pee,
I don't know if he still does,
but I think he gets to like pee and a catheter or something because he went,
they taught him how to backflip a motorcycle.
Johnny just tried it.
They broke his dick.
A handlebar went straight.
Oh,
Jesus son.
Brutal.
Oh my goodness.
But um,
yeah,
they have this guy street like Tommy who is one of the,
uh,
one of the nitro circus guys and he's kind of their fat guy that they make fun
of.
I've tried to have him on the podcast and he's,
he's,
uh,
he's like,
yeah,
when I come to California I'll do it.
But he,
uh,
the other day he,
he,
he instagrammed a picture.
He just cut his finger off.
It's the grossest picture.
Um,
but he,
they make him do all these things and he's not talented like they are.
And so whenever there's like something fun there,
the slip and slide guys.
So have you ever seen their crazy?
Don't watch that shit.
I don't want to watch idiots doing stupid shit and they're going to get them
hurt.
It's phenomenal to you.
I don't like that stuff.
I get it,
you know,
but I don't like it.
I don't want,
I want to watch guys run into walls and break their face.
No,
no,
no.
But I mean,
when they're doing stuff like it,
there's other shit in this world that a gift.
It's that stents are phenomenal,
I'm sure.
Phenomenal.
Yeah.
Good luck with that.
Well,
like Travis,
you know Travis does Toronto's,
no,
can I have the name?
Travis is the motocross racer
rally racing.
A few years back,
the guy's broken every bone in his body and he went to a,
um,
uh,
I think it was a thing for him.
A birthday.
No,
it was like a benefit slash birthday thing,
I think.
I think if I'm thinking about the right guy,
that's the thing with the Geraldo and arch barker were there.
No,
cause they roasted them for MTV.
it wasn't that,
it might be a different guy,
but go ahead.
But he now racist rally racing because he's,
he's just fucked himself up so much.
So he has to drive cars now.
Cars broken everything too many times.
There's a great documentary on him called 99 lives,
I think it's called 99 lives.
And uh,
it talks about his lack of fear,
like his,
his mental capacity and how he doesn't,
like,
we all have fear and he doesn't have it.
And a,
it just doesn't have it.
He just doesn't have it.
Like,
is that real?
Yeah.
You think there's something scientific to it that,
uh,
like grain that's like got a missing piece?
Yep.
Ooh,
that sounds like a really dumb thing.
Yeah.
But he's a,
you know,
he's,
he's a accomplished a lot of,
apparently there's a video of Johnny Knoxville breaking his urethra.
If anybody want to watch that.
What it was,
Matt Hoffman's tribute to evil Knievel.
I don't want to see it though.
It's five minutes and breaking my own rules.
But even telling you,
Matt Hoffman is a guy that is,
he's a BMX or that he's hurt himself so many times that they wouldn't do surgery
on his knee,
this special surgery,
but they had it in Canada and they didn't have it in the United States.
So he went to Canada to do it.
The doctor could do it in Canada,
but by law he couldn't do it unless he was awake.
He couldn't put 'em under for it and uh,
they had to bring whatever the,
um,
it was like an anterior cruciate ligament or something.
And it was,
it was made of,
uh,
I forget what they use,
not titanic.
It was whatever they use to make it,
um,
something like a polypropylene or like a group of wire or whatever it was.
He had to ship it to Canada because it was like a legal,
they weren't allowed to use it there.
So he put it in like he owns a BMX company,
put it in like a bike box and senate,
and then the doctor did it and he talks about it.
He helped the doctor do the operation because there was like the doctorate,
like saw this park,
put it in and he stayed awake and let the doctor put this thing in and these
guys are just,
well my,
I had an ACL operation where I stayed away.
Can you stayed awake from them?
But I just want to,
I wanted to go see it was the first one.
So they just did an epidural?
Yeah,
they give you an epidural and knock knock you out.
So from the waist down I couldn't feel anything and you might go watch.
She wanted to watch one to see it and I was scared to go under too.
I don't like going under,
I don't want to go on under going under to me,
uh,
was like an knocked out.
Yeah,
like I didn't,
I didn't ever want that to happen.
I did it once for an,
I broke my ankle and they,
they put me under and then when they went to take the plate,
the screws out,
I said,
I'm not going fucking under I so you went with an epidural?
Yeah.
There.
There's certain things they won't do with an epidural,
but uh,
there's,
you know,
the second knee operation that got pen and put me under,
he had to help the doctor.
I wouldn't have been,
I was drugged up to the gills.
Yeah.
I don't think he was drunk.
How did he help the doctor like here,
hold this,
hit that with a hammer.
When I say go,
I think I saw the interview with him when he was talking about fucking robot
doctor Voodoo doctor.
Was he going to,
that dude who rented me the scooter this week had esophageal cancer,
had his whole esophagus removed and they,
they moved his esophagus around to the side and back because he had acid reflux
so bad and he got esophagal cancer.
They did a procedure on him that had never been done before.
They put them into a coma to do the procedure because when your,
when you're under,
you still swallow,
you still have a swallowing reflex,
it still happens.
But when you're in a coma you don't swallow.
Oh.
So they had to pull him into a coma and I go,
what was that like?
And he goes,
well,
he,
I go,
why did you come out?
He gives about two days later,
he gets better.
I couldn't say my ABC's for about a month.
Wow.
Whoa.
But it saved his life.
The guy's alive.
Wow.
Think about that shit when you smoked cigarettes,
Brian.
Yeah.
Brian thinks to,
it's never going to happen to him.
He's going to be that guy that's going to be fine.
Smoking a pack a day for the rest of his fucking life.
Uh,
wait,
but you have the of the fucking fake cigarette when I'm inside God.
And also because he loves Stephen Dorff.
But the Steven,
this is actually watermelon flavor to,
you've never,
you don't know.
No.
Oh,
I need to turn you on to the Douchey as commercial in the history of the
universe.
It's a commercial.
So douchey.
You have to think that it's a subtle parody.
You have to think of someone was like someone else.
Someone hate Stephen Dorff and they talked him into doing things and they're
like,
listen,
he's an EGOMANIAC.
We're going to talk him into doing this fucking commercial.
It was like,
there's no way he's going to do this commercial.
I'm telling you,
I can talk this motherfucker.
Aw Steve,
we want you to write this.
We want it to be in your voice.
We want you to sell these cigarettes.
You gotta you gotta see this?
I'm tired of being a walking astrick negative too.
I'm tired of feeling guilty every time I want to light up.
I'm Steven door.
I've been a smoker for 20 years and I just found the smarter alternative.
Blue e six blue lets me enjoy smoking without it effecting the people around it
because it's not tobacco's my favorite part.
The deep means no APP and slow with blue.
Can you get smoke at a basketball game if you want to?
And how about not having to go outside every 10 minutes when you're in a bar
with your friends?
The point is you can smoke blue virtually anywhere.
We're all adults here.
It's time we take our freedom back.
Come on guys.
Rise from the ashes.
Take your freedom back.
Focus on
the long slow draw at the end.
Oh that uh,
that's,
uh,
do you ever,
there's a douchey or one then your,
your,
your show every scene.
The Brad Pitt one.
Is it like a Japanese one?
I've never seen the Brad Pitt Chanel number five commercial.
I don't think so.
Oh,
sweet.
Jesus.
You must see this.
Oh wait,
wait.
There's a new one.
Wait,
we should watch this new thing.
That is a new brand pitch and element.
There's a new commercial.
Really need money.
A new commercial was,
that's uh,
what I'm,
what,
what?
All right,
Courtney,
what is it?
Uh,
Courtney love.
Have you seen that?
It's kind of like at the same idea as what we just watched it,
but with Courtney love.
Yeah.
Hit it.
Okay.
Enjoy presents.
That's another company.
Is that Courtney love?
No,
never know.
It's been a while.
That's Francis being,
okay.
So we're watching for folks,
let's say at home or watching some of them elegantly dressed.
Old Lady.
Uh,
she has us a lot of jewelry on and she is walking up to Courtney love.
Who's looks better than usual?
You can't smoke in here.
Relax.
It's a fucking hand.
[inaudible]
that was way better.
Sort of
at commercial uses the word fucking dude,
but it's,
it's I me,
I guess it's better,
but I mean it's like you want to be the con that smokes those cigarettes and I
actually like that better than,
than a regular cigarette.
It's,
I guess it's more rock and roll than the other commercial.
Yeah.
You know it's better.
It's lucky watch the Brad Pitt one on your own,
but it's the only thing that's even do shit in the Stephen Dorff from Russia,
the Brad Pitt when when will turn your stomach,
because Brad Pitt's got like a billion dollars.
It doesn't make any sense.
Well,
I guess he got paid like crazy.
Millions.
Maybe me.
Maybe he's built a hut and Taiwan.
I saw Seinfeld doing a corporate once and I was like,
how much money do they have to pay Seinfeld to do a quarter?
A lot of those guys loved that Shit.
You know,
Jay Leno makes a huge amount of money on that stuff.
That's
like his gig.
That's like a big joke though.
The Leno corporate,
is it a joke?
Don't you know that every comic apparently like when you sit on the couch and
talk to him,
he goes,
so why you're doing carpets.
Guess how much he loves because he does a lot of,
he loves them.
Guess how much he got paid for it?
Emma who got paid right?
Pickup paid to do that.
C'Mon.
Come on,
let me guess.
Let me guess.
Okay,
how much,
uh,
11 million.
What would you say to 4 million?
It's actually seven,
cause I know Seinfeld.
$1 million to sell your soul.
7 million.
It's so bad.
It's so,
it's so stupid.
Okay,
you got to see it now.
Play it now.
What'd you do it?
Oh me for 7 million.
No,
you wouldn't do it for $7 million of that because I don't need 7 million.
You know,
if I was broke and I did before,
I did fear factor before it did news radio and you said,
hey,
you want to do this really douchey Chanel number five commercial.
We'll pay 7 million fun.
Some horrible commercials with me.
This is,
this commercial though is so it's so ridiculous.
Like,
as a comedian,
you would have such a hard time doing this commercial.
It's really hard to do.
I have to some shit players play it because it's so preposterous.
You watch it and you go,
come on Brad.
What is going on?
A journey.
Every journey ends,
but we go on
twirled turns.
When we turned him,
his
plans disappear.
But look at him.
Look at you.
Take home.
You're not really doing this,
Brad.
You're looking.
You're not.
This is not really,
you're acting.
You Fuck my fate.
My fortune number five.
Hold on.
Inevitable.
No,
come on.
That's disgusting.
That's so bad.
I mean,
shit,
I might do it.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Was that one of those things where he just goes,
oh yeah,
we went to get that house up at the ski resort.
Let's do it,
Dan.
I mean,
I,
I guess,
look,
he's involved in a lot of charitable venture.
So who am I to judge?
And guess what he does with his mind?
He might do something really amazing.
There's a banking commercial and uh,
I forget what the bank is.
It's one of those like trading things into commercial and I hear the voice and
I'm good with voices.
I go,
that's Matt Damon and he's doing a banking commercial and he's doing a voice.
Why does Matt Damon have to do fucking voiceovers?
He's got enough money.
So I Google it,
look it up.
Apparently he donated all the money to charity and so,
uh,
because it,
and I read there was the hypocrisy of Matt Damon here.
He is a guy who,
who he was the voiceover in inside job,
the,
the movie about the banks and he's always,
he always very liberal and he's been very critical of the banks and here he is
doing a fucking commercial for the bags.
So I guess it was one of these things where he just said,
you know what,
I'll do it.
We're going to take all that money and I'd like to see the charity gave it to,
I hope it's something like a lobby against the banks.
Yeah,
that would be a smart thing to do.
Use their against them.
But
it's still,
it's still weird.
You know,
I have to have sex with Brad pay for $7 million.
I think it would cost more than that.
Yeah.
I don't think Brad would have.
Yeah,
I really don't think Brad would be like,
and what do I get out of this?
Well,
what if he just was into it?
It sounds like a fetish thing for him.
It could be hairy guy.
I'm sure there's a lot of people that are like willing to do that.
Yeah.
So 1 million bucks.
Hey,
I'm putting the offer up there right now for 25 grand and some coke,
you know,
25 grants from coke and who knows who she left fuck her ass.
You know,
probably a lot of craziness going on.
A lot of spitting in people's mouths.
Well,
I've talked about you,
you know your Webcams,
you,
you led me onto that.
Um,
uh,
what's it called?
Freaking.
I'm starting my free cams.
Those girls that go on there can say what countries they want to be shown in.
Right?
So basically a girl can just check off.
She doesn't want to be seen in the United States,
Canada,
Australia.
Hey,
any English speaking place where she might possibly know someone,
right,
but let the rest of the world just jerk off to her.
Never ever going to see one of those people ever again.
And it's like,
I think there's so many girls on there that we don't know about the girls,
you know?
Because I never see my guy friends that don't have money,
always have to pick up like second and third jobs.
My girlfriends that don't have money,
it's just life CZ and it's all,
they all say they're just responsible,
whatever.
I'm like,
where are you getting money?
And I'm convinced they're all on my free cams and like Latvia and Estonia and he
brought probably they're all fucking stacking up bitcoins like a motherfucker
tokens.
Yeah.
Stagen up.
Damn bitcoins son.
You think that bid clean things going to work?
I would like it to work.
I think it'd be interesting.
I think it'd be interesting if there was an alternative currency that a bunch of
people agreed to that was stable.
You know,
if you could,
if you could find a way to circumvent the financial system,
that would be a way to defeat it to defined one that we all agreed on,
that everybody got together and said,
you know what?
Fuck all this craziness.
All right,
let's,
let's put our resources into this other thing.
The problem is that's when you find out how corrupt the system really is and
that's when you,
cause they would never let you establish an alternative set of currency.
Right.
I think you'd end up dead most likely they would discourage it hardly,
you know?
I mean the amount of money that would be lost if there was a valid alternative
to the dollar or the ruble or the whatever the fuck you're using.
Yeah.
If there was some nationwide or global currency that we all agreed to that was
like established and was like really,
really strong,
that would fuck everything,
man.
Yeah.
All this global power grab would be in the toilet and it third world countries
would know like when everybody has the same value on their dollar,
when the dollar is the same value.
Which I,
I,
I've looked into this and thought about it and,
and it's really confusing but,
and I don't know enough about currencies and,
and what would happen would the value of it,
because you can trade internationally then and there's
no one able to monitor it and there's no embargoes on there.
Wouldn't it wouldn't be able to be taxed because they don't know.
It's,
it's,
it's interesting.
It's very,
it would eventually have to get taxed
somehow.
Yeah,
you would have to pay for things,
you know,
it's really becomes a matter of government over bureaucracy and use it.
Now if the real problem is and stuff bureaucracy,
it gets to a point where you start creating jobs that aren't necessary and then
you say,
oh we created x amount of jobs as quarter.
Like that's like a,
people love to do shit like that.
And sometimes those jobs are really good and sometimes those jobs are government
jobs and what government jobs get established,
the very rarely they get removed.
You know what I mean?
Like they might slash things that there's funding,
but if there's money they would like to like keep jobs going.
And create new jobs in government and create new laws.
The new jobs are in place.
Like that's one of the big arguments and not making pot legal because you would
lose like a lot of people that are in the business of locking people up for pot
and arresting Ponte dealers and then all of a sudden the pharmaceutical company
is going to lose money.
What are they going to let people go as well?
Like how does that work?
It's kind of,
it's a weird financial situation where the,
the uh,
the,
the resources and the impact of the control of the resources shifts and this,
so that's like a financial decision and that's one of the real problems with
making anything that sat popular,
illegal.
While it's illegal,
it's like financially it creates a real issue.
Well,
I also saw that a lot of the reason the Po hasn't become legal yet is because
the regulation isn't in place yet.
They haven't been able to create the bureaucracy around it.
And a lot of times they've done things like if you look around the world,
the lack of regulation has created fucking like you look at what happened the
Soviet Union when it dismantled.
Well,
yeah.
Then they sold off the gas companies,
the electric companies and the Russian mafia just became like billionaires
overnight.
People were able to buy the electric company or by you know the,
well,
I think there was a lot more to the collapse of the Soviet,
no,
but what I'm saying is they had two different currencies in,
in Russia at that time or the Soviet Union,
the two different ones,
two different currencies and they were using one to buy up the other one.
I'm like,
people were smart enough to say,
let's buy all this currency.
I read this book called Rogue Economics about what happens with lack of
regulation and they were then when I read about pot being legal,
it was like if it gets legalized,
what happens?
The corporations might be able to come in and push out all the growers,
push out all the,
you know,
the,
the farmers or the Eagle.
If it does get legal,
how would they be able to do that?
Because the growers are established,
because let's say,
let's say the growers are established,
but let's say a big corporations come in and get involved,
like,
like the tobacco corporations.
But if they,
with all their money,
buy up all the pot,
the pot fields,
everything,
like
they,
there is no way of actually like it.
It would be like opening the flood gates right away and it's like,
what's going to happen?
Well,
I don't understand what you're saying.
why would that stop the people who are already growing?
When we had that proposition to vote to make pot legal,
I was trying to read about it and I'm not even a big pot smoker,
but I was like,
come on,
we gotta fucking legalize this shit.
This is ridiculous.
And so like,
I did that with like a active,
well,
the referendum vote was like,
let's,
let's vote to make it legal.
And then I started reading and a lot of,
uh,
the like local Venice newspapers and stuff,
and they were saying that a lot of the people in Humboldt and Mendocino county
and all that,
that that were growers and stuff were against it because they were worried that
they would get it
pushed out.
I would say that's not true.
The reason why they're against it is because you can make a lot more money when
it's illegal.
That's why they're against it.
Okay.
That's it.
We got their argument a little little wrong.
And not only that,
a lot of those people were also against medical.
They like to keep it illegal because when it's illegal,
it's worth a lot more money and it's harder to find people to sell it.
It's hard to find people that are,
you could buy it from and so they can control the market
well,
but in that situation,
pot is legal.
There's going to be more money spent on marijuana.
If it is,
it's just going to make more competition for them.
That's all it.
Is there a reason why the growers don't want it is because a bunch of other
people are going to start growing and then the prices are gonna go down.
Who would ultimately make the money on marijuana?
Wouldn't it be corporations?
A real issue.
The real issue that's an undiscussed is something like Monsanto coming along and
owning strains of marijuana and eliminating the other strains.
That is a distinct possibility.
If you see what they've done,
who the fuck would have ever thought they'd be able to do what they've done with
corn?
Who the fuck would available to believe that they would be willing to,
that politicians would be willing to accept,
I don't know what the fuck they're getting paid.
I don't know how the fuck they're passing these laws,
like the Monsanto Protection Act,
all these different laws that allow genetically modified foods to be in your
supermarkets without labels because it's not clearly established whether or not
there are a hundred percent safe.
I know some of them are safe.
If you ever question that and how it happens.
Read the book.
Uh,
Lawrence Lessig book,
uh,
called Republic lost and he explains how all that government subsidies,
all of that shit happens.
And it's,
they,
they target it's the same way.
The defense mining corporation.
Yeah.
They,
but they target like a lobby group or a special interest group or a pack.
Will they,
it's not even that they have the resources to,
to just spend so much money.
What they do is they will,
it's almost like mafia technique.
Like they'll go to a congressman and say,
hey,
you're running into this guy,
you're anti guns.
He's pro guns.
We're going to give all our money to him and we're just going to,
so it's just the threat.
It's not we're spending money against you.
It's the threat of we're going to spend money against you.
So the politicians then fold and say they go
with where the money is.
I mean that's what I think it's 97% of the time or something.
That kind of candidate with the most money.
Yeah,
I'm sure it only makes sense.
I mean,
you have to have like a wildly popular platform for you to be accepted and you
don't have as much money and to be,
or you have to compete against a real jackass.
It's,
it's,
um,
it's a bot system,
you know,
and something like bitcoin or some alternative currency,
I know a lot of people poo poo it.
Maybe bitcoin's not the one,
but who the fuck saw bitcoin coming?
I never heard of anything about it until like a couple of years ago and now all
of a sudden,
you know,
you're hearing about it and like legitimate news sources and you're like,
Whoa,
what's going on yet?
And then coincidentally it crashes through the fucking floor and the value drops
and there's all sorts of fuckery involved with it.
So I did that happen,
the value drops,
bitcoin went through some,
but you know,
it's also people probably trying to profit or trying to capitalize on a system
that's not completely secure.
I don't know.
I don't understand finances that much.
I'm too add for that shit.
I got the APP and the and just wanting to play with it and see the bitcoin on.
Yeah,
I just wanted to see what was going on.
I get every,
Yap.
I,
have you done to Uber yet?
Oh sure.
Yeah.
I use it all the time.
It's amazing.
Awesome.
Did you see the guy who is selling a house in Canada with a bitcoin?
Really?
Yeah.
He wanted to acquire a lot of bitcoins and he had a piece of property that it
wasn't using.
It was like a house on a lake or on a river,
like a rural,
like vacation house.
It's like 300 grand or something like that and he's selling it on bitcoin.
He wants 300,000 bitcoins or whatever the fucking equivalent is.
Well,
if you look at age,
I mean it's been going on on like games like I don't play but like world of
Warcraft and that stuff.
Those people,
they had a whole south park episode about it,
like a where they have the little kids working,
playing the video games that they can acquire these coins or whatever it was,
whatever the,
the value on the game because that happens in video games all the time where
people try to acquire these,
what's the legit service like people will pay people in foreign countries,
like Third World Company countries,
we'll,
we'll play games all night with your character.
Like you give them your character if you're a few months and you come back in
your characters like a master wizard because these are like fucking total super
nerd games.
It's not like you're playing checkers or chess or,
or even,
you know,
I used to do that with my friends on Madden when they would leave and we all
lived together down at the beach.
They would leave.
I would play as their team and just lose their place.
That's funny.
Yeah.
But the,
there's one of the Santa shows that I ever watched was a documentary on this
family that was addicted to world of Warcraft.
One of those games.
It was world of Warcraft,
but it was a family,
a husband and wife and a kid.
And the wife would always get bummed out when she had to take care of the baby
because the husband could play the game.
And she was like complaining.
She's got his fucking newborn and she doesn't want it because she wants to get
back to our character in the game.
And it was,
it was really depressing cause like you imagine if you,
you're essentially being born into a house full of addicts.
They're addicts,
but it's not heroin.
It's world of Warcraft.
I mean they are addicted to this.
They're completely,
totally focused on,
that's why I hate when people go drugs and alcohol ruined their life.
It's like drugs and alcohol didn't.
They did those people
would have found something like fucking world of Warcraft.
It if it wasn't drugs or alcohol would have been something.
I agree with you,
but I don't agree with you because I know people that literally,
whatever it is,
they got the bad gene.
They cannot drink.
They have one drink and they're gone and they're sober and they need to be
sober.
I know people that have a chemical issue.
Yeah,
I know.
I know a few and I didn't think they existed until I was in my like late
twenties and then I was like,
oh okay I think I am misreading this.
Because I was like,
oh a bunch of weak bitches.
Like I have this dumb approach to people who couldn't quit drugs or alcohol.
But usually those people,
I've seen them be fucked up with other things too.
Sure.
Yeah.
But those people,
they might have a psychological issue as well as this compulsive issue as well
as like a chemical problem.
Like there's a cumulative things that can happen too.
And for some people it's also like alcohol.
Alcoholism is a weird thing where it starts off where they can handle it and
then somewhere along the line there,
Bonnie just a loses its ability to tolerate alcohol.
And if they keep drinking,
keep abusing their body,
it's one shot and they're dawn's Ville.
I've seen people like that.
I don't think we totally understand.
You know,
like how another person is feeling when they take something.
You know.
And I think there are some people out there that can,
that can get hammered and they just fall apart.
My friend,
my friend Laura,
she just takes one hit and she of marijuana and she,
her body like short circuits and like,
I think we talked about it once where she just stood up and ran towards the Bath
Tub and just fluke like trip over the bathtub.
It flew and like almost shift every single one of her teeth out.
And she had no idea why she did that.
It was just like a body just reacted crazy.
Oh,
a friend of mine from fear factor,
we were all in New York filming and uh,
it was all the crew and we passed a joint around and she took one hit and just
blacked out and someone caught her.
Someone had a catcher in the middle of the street,
New York.
She like,
she almost fell,
she almost fell down and cracked her head off the concrete.
Like she just went unconscious colon.
Everybody else has just taken a pull off of a joint and everybody else is fine.
But for whatever reason it hits her.
And her.
That's why,
you know,
I've talked about it a million.
I've talked with you a million times about it.
My just [inaudible] I've had good experiences,
but I've had a couple that were just fucking atrocious.
I the anxiety level and the paranoia and the,
the fucking,
you know,
like I thought it was going to jump out of an airplane.
One
sitting for everybody.
That's fact.
Yeah.
Nothing's for everybody.
So I'm you.
You don't even drink caffeine anymore,
right?
No.
Cause it was all because of that.
The anxiety that was getting so fucking grow as it is.
Look,
I know savage,
you fighting with fucking people you're on.
You know what?
I want people,
you're an MMA fight and that chick,
when that chick,
I want to justify that because when I got in the argument with her,
I never once said,
you're a bitch.
You're a con.
I never raised my voice.
Right.
All I did was say,
wow,
your,
I said like I'm talking to you.
I went,
wow,
you're a,
you're a horrible person.
And just the way she was acting to me,
it was like,
you shouldn't get away with this.
I got it.
And that's how I was talking and I never once said she,
the next day they said,
oh,
you said she should be raped.
And you said,
I said no.
I said,
I hope she gets hit by a car on the way home to that.
Just say she's a horrible person.
No,
no,
no.
But I was combating the high road.
She said some things to me that I said that then,
but what I say to you,
hey,
you know,
she was just,
she will fuck about this story.
How about that?
She was just being account.
Thank you know.
I mean,
you know what it is,
but I know I just,
I want to justify that.
Ah,
I forgot what I was talking about.
It's no big deal.
I know what you're saying.
You're not on coke,
but caffeine is a little too much for your personality.
I'm not aggressive.
Yeah,
you're not aggressive.
But if someone's a douchey person to you,
you don't walk away from it.
Right.
That's right.
That's what a lot of a lot of times,
like what's that old expression?
If you're in an argument with an idiot,
it's very difficult to,
so who's who?
Yeah.
You know,
I think that I probably fucked up that in paraphrasing it,
but that is a situation where if you're in a situation where someone's
aggressive to you and you're aggressive back to them and then someone walks in
on it,
it looks like you're always in fights and he could be a guy that just defend
yourself all the time,
but it looks like you're always on fights.
Yeah.
Especially if there's youtube clips of it where there's smoke,
there's fire and uh,
you know,
yeah.
I mean,
I've always felt like,
um,
I've,
I've never been one to start shit with people.
I don't like starting shit with people,
but I also not really enjoy people like getting off on me and like saying shitty
things to me just because they want,
they want to be cunty.
So when you stand your ground or when you're aggro back or it's salting back,
it becomes the same thing.
You just,
they started it,
but you're doing it,
you know,
you're,
you're both involved in it.
Yeah.
And it's really stupid,
but it takes a long time to realize that it's really stupid.
And you know what I did?
The first thing I did when these guys came African was cops and then I had to
have cops and I was like,
all right,
I gotta you know?
Well those guys were working too,
so they weren't even fucked up.
They were just on the,
on that sweet,
sweet pussy.
I think they were pretty fucked up though.
You think so while they were working?
I think it was one of those.
Oh,
okay.
Well I bet they just in love with that girl,
man.
That's so common.
It's so common where you get one pretty girl just dominates like a business
establishment.
That's the saddest thing.
When you go to visit a buddy at work and you realize that this is one hot chick
that sort of like putting our spray around the room and all these totes that
your buddy works with at tripping over themselves trying to please his girl and
white knighting it at every turn and you know,
I think you're just out of line with the way he talk around women.
You know,
you know those cock suckers and like,
oh you son of a bitch.
Look what you're doing here.
You're throwing yourself on the sword.
Sad sack of shit.
You,
well that's what I say when the guy that when he finally calmed down,
I said to the guy,
he said,
you've got a girl in there crying right now.
And I said,
hold on.
I said,
I explained what happened to him and he kind of looked at me like,
oh,
this is a different story than what she told me.
Check the wants to get you to fight
someone for two,
but who does that kind of setting?
You have guts.
You couldn't get me to do that.
Any girl.
Yeah.
He said,
I'd be like,
look,
you're going to have to deal with this yourself.
Yeah.
Well,
there's a lot of guys out there.
You can't get any pussy.
It's hard confusing.
It's fuck if you're a dude out there,
okay,
and get an attractive guy and you're working at a fucking kitchen and a bar,
you know,
you flipping Burgers,
no one wants to fuck you.
All right?
That's just a fact.
And you know that no one wants to fuck you in.
That shit gets depressing and you're willing to play the long game and befriend
a lot of really [inaudible] hoping that when they're 40 and it all falls apart
for them.
They'll go with the guy who actually really loved them once they get over this
looks thing or or whatever.
And so there's a lot of poor saps out there.
They get sucked into,
which essentially a deal with a drug dealer that never gives you the drugs.
It's like,
man,
I got that cold king,
but dog,
I can't give you none.
I come on,
I love you.
I just want it to be your cocaine dog.
I don't know.
I'm vulnerable,
you know?
I just feel like maybe you only want me for my cocaine and I would like us to
just be friends.
You know?
Can't you just understand that I have this cocaine and I want to,
I want to keep it,
you know?
But I heard you gave Billy cocaine,
you know,
I was very vulnerable and I don't want to make that mistake again.
And now me and Billy don't talk.
And I want that to happen between us because we're good friends.
So I can't give you this cocaine.
So these poor pussy junkies will follow her around for years.
Or are you doing another show over there?
Fucking bugged us.
Attacked me.
So you're doing this for years and years and you know,
you do drastic shit like trying to fight people in parking lots,
you know,
it's not,
it's fucked up that sex is like such a priority that requires legal mail bot
prostitution was legal.
I think it would take such an edge off of,
we have a fucked up attitude about prostitution.
Like,
I don't want anybody,
I know it'd be a prostitute,
meaning either,
and I don't want to,
I don't partake in it.
It's not my thing.
But there's a lot of guys that I,
friends of mine that I'm like,
let me take you to a hooker.
When I was going to say is I also don't want any friend of mine to be a janitor
to have clean toilets.
That job sucks too.
You know?
I don't know which one's better.
I don't know if you're like really open minded with sex and there's a screening
process and the guys who come through a polite,
I really don't know which one is worse.
Cleaning toilets or letting the guy put a condom on you.
Ooh,
on top of you.
I Dunno.
I mean,
it's really a cultural decision.
It's a personal decision,
but I think you should be able to make that decision yourself.
You know,
I wouldn't want anybody that I'm friends with deciding to be a coroner.
I really wouldn't.
I wouldn't want you to do that.
But if you want to do that,
I think it should be your choice.
I always wanted to know craziness,
man.
You're looking at bodies all day.
She's telling you to do it.
It was a funeral director.
He was the bartender at this comedy club and he,
he uh,
yeah,
he used to be a funeral director up north in Boston.
And I was like,
wow.
How were you able to fucking do that every day?
Just,
yeah.
Well,
how about guys who get caught the corpses there doesn't happen that often.
But you know what Gun Jing is a buddy of mine badging,
a buddy of mine back in Boston,
they,
him and his brother walked in on this guy who had just gotten done fucking one
of the corpses.
He,
he's almost positive.
He's like,
there was a dead naked girl on the counter and this guy was huffing and puffing
and sweating and he was back there with his dead naked girl.
And they heard something funny and they knock them.
They were there because someone in their family had died and they had,
you know,
go through the funeral arrangements and that he believes,
they just about stumbled upon a guy who had fucked a dead female corpse.
He's almost positive,
right?
And you've got to know,
this is like a really conservative,
duly some dark hole of the Internet where you've seen these people find them
though.
But I'm saying,
what do you mean there's videos?
There's videos and guys fucking dead bodies.
It's like video.
The guy put on line,
it was him and his boyfriend and he killed his boyfriend and then he like fucked
him and cut him up and put it all on line eight,
some of his body.
What did you just show up?
Judging is an act that where you take a person that's been buried recently and
you t you get him out from under the ground and you,
uh,
like put your lips around their vagina and you have somebody else like,
like jump up and down on their stomach.
Wait a minute.
And whereby the first person to ejaculate,
ms places lips over the dead person's sexual parts while his fellow competitors
jump on the stomach.
This is just made up,
but that's made up.
That's totally made up.
That's so stupid.
God,
Jane,
what did you make the,
I have a feeling Brian did ain't go to knock a tiny about that.
That's real.
Well,
I guess it isn't real.
If you decided to real Yoshi,
you would know about it.
What is a,
you know,
what's a Cleveland Steamer?
You know what's a dirty Sanchez?
You know what it is.
So it's real.
Once you invented,
it's like a drink.
It's like a bloody Mary.
We can say we tried,
we tried to any one of those up on there and again I think no on urban
dictionary and it was uh,
it was already there.
I don't know.
It was something like we were trying to make the,
the Amish butter churner or something and we were saying like,
you take a Dildo and you,
you,
you come all over it and then fuck the girl with the calm of the Dildo and then,
uh,
are you fucker in your ass while she's upside down like a butter churn or
something.
And I swear to God,
we like put it on,
there was something like very simple.
I'm sure it's probably every depraved sexual act ever.
It's probably been labeled.
There's tee shirts for sale as a TM behind it.
I used said I made a move when I was in college and I used to call it the dom
Pablo cause it was a girl.
I fucked that Don Pablos where you would take the girl,
she'll be on her stomach and you'd like lay down.
So you're kind of like butt to butt,
but you put your Dick in her like between your legs.
So you're like pushing it like that and then you fall down so you're on top of
her and you're using her legs.
I lost five seconds ago but it hit the g spot like crazy and she just,
that's all she
wanted after Pablo.
And then I tried it to somebody else and they're like,
fuck that.
What the hell you doing?
Just get on top of me having to make sense.
Girls don't while you're practicing shit and we've already done before,
Hey I've done this one a bunch of times.
Try this lay down five.
They're like,
what?
Wait,
what are you doing?
God Damn what?
You're silly.
Fuck Brian fucks the same way he does a podcast just interrupts.
Yeah,
it's a weird shit and has a little bit,
we get a sense,
hold on.
Open your mouth.
Put a toe in it.
Know who fought to be funny.
This girl at that we know down in Australia said she,
she told my friend that she woke up one night,
she hooked up with the state and she wakes up.
He's standing over a jerking off.
Whoa.
And he's got his toe in her pussy.
Oh my God.
How rude.
That guy's an asshole.
He's out there walking around.
Once you catch him on the floor and stuff,
he's stuffing it.
Write up some chick's pussy,
Sushi.
Very least hubs like some alcohol wipes and really do a good job of cleaning
your toe off.
We shove it in some chicks clam.
That's just rude.
That guy's a dick.
Do you know what I've always wanted?
I've always wanted to try.
Have you seen those pills that they sell like at cvs and then referred Toi kids
where they're like these little pills and he put them in a glass of water and
they make this humongous like dinosaurs or something.
I've always wanted to put it in one of those girls' vaginas and see what
happens.
It's kind of like a tampon called they die.
You ever heard of a thing called toxic shock syndrome?
Girls
things up their pussy when they find things that are stuffed in their pussy and
they,
there've been up there for a while.
Like sometimes they can get really sick.
I girls like the girls have
die.
Yeah.
But stuck up their posting.
I mean like if you're going to nerf their pussy,
like you don't keep it in there for like half a chunk of it in there.
Like would blow up really big in the gut when those fuckers like a fucking
muppet coming out of my vagina.
So you needed practice this in a lab before you stick it in the grill.
I just heard a story about a guy who was fucking a girl and uh,
found like while he was fucking going down on or something,
found a condom that was in her pussy.
Oh my Jesus.
Well,
I was a girl that I was dating where she had a,
her Tampon I had broken off like in the middle and she pulled part of it out but
part of it was like stuffed in her pussy and I like put my finger in her and I'm
like,
what the fuck is it?
And I pulled it out like,
and you have a 10 piece of Tampon in your pussy.
And she was so embarrassed.
She was so,
so embarrassed.
Like she was like almost in tears and I was like,
it's just a mistake.
Like I know you have a Tampon.
I didn't understand it.
Like being a guy you don't understand.
Like how could that bother you?
Like I know that you have tampons,
you tell me when you're on your period.
I,
I don't understand why this would be an issue,
but to her it was like this huge,
like,
embarrassment.
I'm like,
I don't,
what did the girls a girly thing,
right.
This girl I dated,
like we were drunk and I fucked one of his little baby micro tampons into her
and then she didn't know about it and then a couple of days later she was
getting kind of sick and it puts you to smell.
It was like a balloon pond.
No,
I had to dig it out.
Yeah,
I to do it.
Have to.
Yeah.
You know when you're young and you're so horny,
it's like,
she's like,
I'm on my period.
We shouldn't,
you know,
you rub it on the outside.
Any little thing you can do and they can't fish that string outs,
stuffed it in there like a fucking Muskett.
It's like you packed around in there.
Then you've got to play a gynecologist.
I've been there,
but our man,
you're like,
hold on,
this rubbing on the outside and you hear those words coming out of your mouth.
Like,
am I really that retarded that I just said that?
Let me just rub it on the outside.
Yeah.
We've,
we've all said that.
Everyone said I've done,
he'll say it every week.
Let me just,
let me just put it in for a second.
If you like it,
it can stay right here.
Don't,
right.
We can take it out.
Let's sleep with it inside just to see what it would feel like.
If you want to move,
that's fine.
The most disappointing thing is when a girl says,
okay,
and you're like,
oh,
well,
she's just as fucking stupid as awesome.
You're supposed to be the one who sent a bill here.
He's supposed to post out of this predicament.
It took me a long time to realize that if you just go when you're trying to hook
up with a girl and you go fun,
I don't want him and you go to sleep,
all of a sudden they wake you up.
They'll like,
come on,
let's fuck,
and really?
Yeah,
I found that.
That ridiculous.
That means your game sucks.
No,
no,
no.
Hear me out forever.
I was,
the one girl was like,
wait,
and they'd go to sleep.
No,
no,
no.
Forever.
I was the guy.
I would try every,
I would keep them up for eight hours until they'd finally give in.
Like,
listen,
why don't we do this?
And then we'll try this.
And then we would ask them with words.
No,
I mean just,
you know,
while you're fully right.
So then I found out,
yeah,
that if you just,
if you,
if you kind of do what they do and you kind of play hard to get,
they go,
what's this kind of rejecting me?
And then all of a sudden they're like,
let's fuck Eddie f working some long game on these chicks.
I just,
how long would it take before you figured that out?
I took a year.
Here's my,
here's my advice to you,
my friend.
Just fuck girls who actually want to fuck you.
And when they don't,
if they don't do like,
that's cool.
Yeah.
So it's just uh,
greeted,
not be framing while we all went through puberty.
Yeah.
We've all been there.
It's all good.
Just you go over there.
I'll go over here.
Oh,
cool.
Well now cause there's some girls getting married.
I get one for the rest of my life.
There's some gals would like you at the gift.
I go about finding them.
Found that one.
It's like finding your audience and comedy you don't want to do,
like Brian was talking about doing some shows this weekend is a bunch of old
people in the audience and you know that's a,
that's uncomfortable feeling when it's not your audience.
It's awful.
It's terrible.
Jeff,
find your audience.
It is once those people who didn't live with the Internet and once they die off,
we're going to have a different world.
You're lucky Jay,
you're one of the few comedians though that gets to purely performed for your
audience.
Um,
Yah,
this is quite a few now.
I think more now than I think ever before because of the Internet.
I don't think so.
No.
I think we all still have to,
like in Australia I performed for my audience.
People come to me there in the crowd.
They're always,
they bought a ticket to see me and that feels good.
In Australia.
In America,
I'm still doing gigs.
How many comedy clubs?
Every once one.
I've still had it.
I had it in the past two years,
two or three times where I've had
the club owners tell me,
hey,
I know you do this,
blah,
blah blah,
and I've gone,
ah,
I'm in the car.
And they're like,
what?
They're like and I'm like,
don't tell me how to do my act.
I'm on my way home.
And they're like,
what do you mean?
I've had three club owners in the last two years.
Tell me,
uh,
you're too edgy and you're too offensive onstage and you're going to have to
calm it down for the next show.
And like,
they'll call me in my room and I'm like,
I'm in the car,
I'm in the taxi,
I'm on my way to the airport.
And they're like,
what?
What?
I'm like,
fuck you.
You don't tell me
do my act.
We need to go on tour.
Man,
that just happened to me this weekend,
five minutes before I went on stage and he's like,
I need you to do a clean set.
And I was like,
I don't have any leave at that point cause it really,
I've,
I've stayed and,
and they all end up apologizing.
And they try to keep you because they've got like one time it happened here in
La and I just sold out crowd.
You can't,
you can't tell a guy not to do is act.
If you don't like that act,
you cannot hire them again.
But there's no way you could tell him how to do it.
So that's why I go fuck off and I just leave.
Yeah.
It's just,
you can say you,
I don't think you're funny.
You can fire them.
You could ask for another comic to come in and replace him.
But if you're gonna allow him to go on stage,
you're not a producer.
You have no say in what goes on.
You know that guy.
It's his act.
If you don't want to hire them again because you don't like it,
that's all cool.
But you can't direct a fuck.
I got it.
I got it in the air
part.
I'm on the airport on the way to a show and,
and the woman called me and said,
hey,
you got to go,
uh,
tonight.
Listen,
I need you to corporate clean.
And I said,
what?
She goes,
I need your corporate club,
we have a bunch of,
you know,
uh,
Christmas parties in.
And I said,
I know when I got booked,
I got booked to do my show.
And she said,
yeah,
but tonight's all Christmas parties.
And I said,
well that's not,
and she goes,
well,
we're going to have to dock your pay then.
And I went,
no,
you're going to have to pay me what
I was contracted to be paid.
We're going to have to dock your pay because you won't change your act from my
yes.
And I said,
fuck you.
They treat you like you're a waitress.
That's what it is.
And I still wear my apron with my logo on it or you're fired.
But too many comics say,
okay,
I go fuck off.
And I leave.
And uh,
I think if more comics did that,
they wouldn't do that to the can't,
you know,
they need the money.
I mean,
I remember clearly days when I was told that I had to clean it up when I was
coming up.
It just happened all the time.
But if you suck it up just once,
if every comic sucked it up once,
no club owner would ever do it.
Yeah.
But they would because the god could still find someone to replace you and
they'd probably be cleaner,
you know.
So that was one of the big things about being unoffensive when you first started
out you'd get so much more work because when you first start out you're,
you're opening for people.
And the last thing someone wants to do is go on after some guy who breaks all
these taboos.
Especially if you break the same taboos or if your act as clean.
You know,
if there's a two things because one like the guy's already like doing the kind
of material that like a headliner does or this particular headline does and have
your clean and you have to follow.
Some guy I was talking about fishing tampons out of checks and you know,
a lot of times they'll fucking headliners or blow gaskets.
Yeah.
I've seen more,
more censorship from headliners in comedy clubs and,
and including guys who are not big names.
They just happened to be the guy last and it was just like you say like for the
most part when you go to a comedy club,
if you see a guy who was an unknown name,
he's not an unknown name just to you.
He's an unknown name period.
So when he's headlined in these clubs,
people are coming to see the show because they've been comped like to get free
tickets,
it's an off night or you know I'm the guy goes on the radio and drums up some
business and they have contests and they give away some tickets and then they
make the money off the alcohol and that's,
that's a common thing and those guys,
I've seen those guys that,
those are like low level dudes usually.
Probably a little struggle a little bit every now and then anyway,
they'll change a guy's act if a guy's a middle.
That,
I've heard stories and I've had,
I've had a couple of guys give me when I was coming up,
don't do this,
they'll do that.
Not many,
but I've heard more stories about guys go.
I have never once said to anybody that opens for me don't do that or I've never,
and it always annoyed me when I heard guys did it.
It's gross.
It's disgusting.
Like you less the guy stealing.
Sure,
sure.
Or if he's stepping on your shit and there are,
those are two instances that happen all the time and w what I mean by stepping
on your shit.
If folks who don't know stand up,
like say if Eddie if to had a joke about going to Jamba juice and it was like a
signature bit about going to Jamba juice.
I might if I want to fuck with them.
If I was the Middle Act,
I might go on stage and just make up my own joke about geometries that I wasn't
doing the night before.
But I'll do it in,
in and I'll,
it'll be clearly like,
like I just slapped it together.
But what I'm doing is trying to take the wind out of the sails of his Jamba
juice joke by already trampling on that subject.
It's a common thing that comics will do.
What I do get it every once a while.
We'll get mad about is somebody deliberately blowing the light and offensively
blowing it like,
like not just,
you know,
they're supposed to do 30 minutes and they ended up doing 45 especially because
you have two shows and you have to close.
I'll,
I'll get mad about that.
But it also has to be,
it's not five minutes over,
it's when they go 10 or 20 minutes over,
I want to tear their face off like a chimpanzee does.
I?
Well that's rude and that's why people think you're on coke.
Just say it and I don't act like a monocoque and you're like,
uh,
someone is talking for an extra five minutes,
25 minutes.
They get to saturate the comedies in exaggeration.
So
this this week and I had to do a 15 minute at that.
That was clean.
And so I would like replace words and stuff like throwing calm.
I'd,
it's like throwing hot dogs and I made it silly and goofy and I also did a lot
of just what I call it,
math jokes,
which is just like this happens,
this happens.
That's why that happens.
It's kind of,
you know,
like,
like dumb shit fucking worked.
And I was like,
this is,
this is the dumbest Shit
I've ever seen in my life and you guys are loving.
This is stupid.
That's silly.
You should,
you should just enjoy it.
You know,
you shouldn't get upset.
Your,
your issue right now,
Brian,
is,
we talked about this before,
the show is that he's,
he's like known and a lot of places,
but you don't do that many shows for people that don't know you.
So people know you,
they know you.
It's silly bitch and you're ridiculous and you're always buying boner pills.
So they want to hear this ridiculous shit out of you.
But for people who don't know you,
they're like,
why is this guy talking about coming on the ceiling?
Like,
you know,
what the fuck are you saying?
You know what I mean?
It's like that's,
that's a,
that's a tough combination.
And it's also,
you know,
you,
you know this very well that you can fall into when you're always performing for
your crowd.
It gets easy.
Oh yeah,
yeah.
You can get soft and you got to throw yourself into these situations where
nobody knows you.
If you watched any bunny like recently that like disappointed the fuck out of
you.
Yeah.
And I can't say,
I can't say who either saw,
oh,
it was brutal.
I mean me and Diaz left 15 minutes into this dude set.
Like the laziest thing I'd ever seen.
It's a lot of that shit down,
man.
I,
I almost wanted to as a friend tell him that you can't do this.
There's a lot of people like that though.
You know,
I've,
I've always tried to do my very best to give a great show.
Like I want to do the best to give the best at whatever I got at that point and
I'll have better shows and war shows.
But I'm always trying my best always.
And when I see someone that's like,
it's just sending it in her phone again.
I'm like,
and,
and especially if they're doing it and they doing it because they already have a
devoted audience.
I'm like,
do you understand what an amazing position you're lucky on your healthy eating
them.
Like,
did you see what you saw?
The crazy cat William Shit.
Whereas obviously there's an issue there.
I don't know what the fuck it is,
but do you know how many people,
I mean me,
huge cat flames,
sweat,
Katt Williams fan.
I would be so sad if I went to see him and that that went down,
you know,
when he yells or someone in the audience and then leaves and that's his whole
set because I remember his fucking specials where I thought the guy was
brilliant.
I'm like so fun.
So fun to watch.
You know,
I,
I will never forget what it's like to be a fan.
I think it's the most important thing in order to still keep your zest for
comedy.
It's just still remain a fan of it.
And also the struggle,
like I struggled for so long and that it's,
you're still struggling in America.
It started to happen for me really quickly and I'm glad it didn't because I
would have been one of those assholes probably that just phone it.
But what happened was they struggled for so long that now I value it so much
more.
You have it,
you're a hard worker anyway.
I mean you're into crossfit and you're always exercising.
You're always you.
You put forth a lot of energy.
You're not like a lazy guy.
It doesn't get shit done.
You just fucked up and you've got famous in Australia.
Yeah,
it's probably,
well Colin Quinn said to me one time I was,
I was taking a cab from like the seller uptown to the comic strip or something
and I shared a cab with Collin and it was after Saturday night live and he had
done all this stuff and I like calling.
What are you doing?
You know,
like we're all young kids flying
around to the clubs and calm.
It's like a generation,
like couple of generations older.
I'm like,
what are you doing with us?
Why are you doing this?
And he's like,
he's like,
cause every time I see one of you little fuckers on stage doing a good joke,
I think I got it.
I got to write one better.
I have to.
And it's,
I think it's compulsive among us.
When I see a comic killing it,
I'm like,
I got to call them and write jokes.
You know what else makes me want to write jokes when I see someone eating it,
I to see someone bombing and lesson to a comedy central radio.
Today on Sirius Xm,
you know,
Sirius Xm was a bunch of different channels and a my main car for a long time,
I have not had satellite radio and I've just been listening to the podcast,
but I was in a truck today.
And so as I'm driving around,
I'm listening to all this standup and it was terrible.
After terrible after terrible after terrible.
And I couldn't wait to go home and write.
I'm like,
this is just if I ever wanted to sell was a closing bit that a guy did.
And after the bit ended,
you know,
it's like,
thank you.
Good night.
I was like,
you gotta be fucking,
oh like that was your clothes.
This is the laziest piece of Shit I've ever heard in my life.
There's like zero thought.
People that don't know why you tried to put your best like your strongest bit
last and uh,
so that when you hear thank you,
good night,
you're like that shouldn't,
that shouldn't be the second joke hunk of Shit.
It was such a hunk of shit.
But I went to,
I went in there one day to Sirius Xm to,
to host some show and I said,
who's in charge here?
And they have programming that the comedy and they were really cool about it.
I sat down with them and I went through all my bits that they play and I said,
don't play that one anymore.
Don't play that one.
Like I took out like shit that I'm,
I want retired forever that I am not proud of anymore.
You know,
as I,
and that's why I constantly send them new shit too.
I'm like play this stuff.
This is the stuff I'm proud of it.
It's always funny to,
when you listen to stuff that you think sucks and obviously somebody liked it.
There's people that were laughing,
they were playing it when I just thought it sucked.
When then all of a sudden boom,
someone comes on is actually funny.
You know,
like they played a Brian Post St special and all of a sudden I'm laughing,
you know,
like out of nowhere like oh this is actual comedy.
But before that I was just listening to the nonsense.
It was like somebody who just like structure a sentence and set in a certain way
and I'm supposed to think it's hilarious.
I'm such a fan of comedy that I like when I'm listening to that stuff and
there's a comic I don't like and all of a sudden they get,
I get them and I start liking them.
Like,
like a comic that I would see in the club and I'm like,
oh,
I didn't like that.
And it might've been five years ago and all of a sudden I hear something new and
I'm like,
Oh,
they've gotten funny.
And yeah,
and I like to see like people are like,
they've actually gotten funny.
You're telling me you didn't hypnotized and you getting to know like would they
actually have big,
I've seen guys that weren't funny becomes so fun.
Oh yeah.
Without a Dan.
It's one of the great,
like I got,
it is a beautiful thing.
I love that.
And people think,
oh,
comics are so competitive and they all hate it and they want to see,
no,
I want to see everybody.
I would love to walk in a comedy club and have every comedian fucking make me
laugh.
You buying this?
I do because I felt the same way.
And this guy though,
I mean,
wow,
he does cook.
I mean,
I,
I felt the same way.
There's like,
Brody Stevens is a perfect example where when I first met Brody,
I fucking hated him.
I was scared of him and I always loved block Brodie.
I don't get it because I knew Brody before you.
I thought it was all made me laugh from day one.
I know when he was barking at the comedy cellar,
I knew him from,
from uh,
yelling or opening from the man show.
He was the audience warm up guy.
And he was just like really hard.
Like I remember it was just like,
like we were slaves,
like screaming at us.
I just remember just screaming at us.
I was like,
you were probably way too high and you fucking freaked out.
Yeah.
Well then I met him a couple months later at the comedy store with you and I got
to see him and then it was like,
all right,
I see what he's doing fucking now.
I loved sprout it.
He used to bark outside the comedy cellar to get people,
he worked for them and his job was to get people in the seats,
you know,
come on two for one did it and he was so fucking funny.
Barking people in people comedy downstairs.
That's where I think he's like at his best.
Like he like has a warmup.
He's like the greatest warmup.
He's really fun the way he does it.
And when you,
you know,
like when you see a guy like that just completely ad Lib in one of the best
shows I've ever seen.
Best sets you'll see,
you know,
you know when you see a show and it's like a,
it's a late show and as many comics had been up and it seems like the room's
dead.
And then one guy comes in and just with magic just runs around the room.
Brody Stevens took his shirt off and started swinging over his head while he was
screaming for everybody to wake up.
The show's not over and it was like some music playing and he got on stage,
he had to play the drums,
the drum sticks.
And,
but it was the way he did it.
Like it was all ad libbed.
He just went with the flow of things and took the audience on a ride.
You know why?
If you talk to Brody,
he is,
he's truly in the moment.
It's all about that show right there.
Oh yeah.
It's not about,
uh,
well I already have all those good shows I've done or he's about what am I doing
right now?
And he will,
he'll feel like shit after that show if he didn't do well.
So He's,
he's fucking performing for his life.
He's like,
I gotta win this crowd.
I have to kill.
And there's something about that.
I mean that,
that makes them great,
but he loves it.
He loves it.
He's still a fan of standup comedy.
That's,
that's,
those are the best guys.
The,
the guys are the most fun of the guys who actually still appreciate it cause it,
there's a weird thing that happens when somebody has been doing standup for a
long time and then all of a sudden they decided that I'm talking to hate it.
I hate standing up,
I hate my crowd,
I hate this,
I hate that.
And they just don't want to do it anymore.
And it's like,
man,
like I really think you need to rethink this.
I've gone through phases where it's not that I hate,
well where I'll go,
I hate where I'm at right now and I need,
what happens usually is I started bombing them for a while and it's,
I actually welcome like a bombing period,
like have like a month of bombing where a month,
not,
not like bombs,
but like I,
I'm an extremist.
I'll say I killed her,
I bombed and it'll just be average and a it.
But when I have a bad period,
I'm usually about to come in to a whole bunch of new shit and it's desperation.
I'm just angry about everything and the,
the,
the act and,
and then I write,
you know,
with Australia,
I have to write a whole new hour every year,
have to have like cannot go there without a new hour and I freak out about it.
Do you really like going there?
Yeah,
I do enjoy it.
But you're already famous there and I wouldn't say famous.
I mean you're your crowd there.
Yeah,
I've got a crowd and I sell tickets,
you know,
but not,
but you don't feel like you're there in America but you want to close.
No naughty but you want to be right.
I would love to.
So why don't you like just put all your emphasis on that?
I probably should but it's,
you know,
I got bills and stuff and in Australia pays the bills.
I mean how long do you go over there for this year I only did about six weeks.
Oh,
okay.
Okay.
I thought you were like,
no,
I was just an artist.
Do like six marches there,
like almost half the year I was doing four months for awhile.
You know that is pretty bad as though if you can actually live in two different
countries because Australia is fucking cool as shit.
If you can get used to being over there and that becomes just like home to you.
Is it easy to get used to like compare?
I've never been there absolutely are like Americans.
It's cooler and I mean yeah they,
they won't like me saying this but it's like the 51st state.
Like they're so in tune with everything we're doing right.
That you just,
you would be so kind of more relaxed.
Yeah.
Way more real and more fun.
Like the more relaxed,
like the,
the men are more like men and women are more like women less hung up.
Yes.
Very Texas [inaudible] Texas.
There's 20 million people in a place as big as America.
Yeah.
You know,
we've got 300 some million people.
They've got 20 million too.
So it's just a lot easier.
You fucking love it there.
You would love it there.
It's so nice there.
The shows are fun as hell to knew.
The shows are amazing.
Yeah.
And it's a,
the,
the UFC is,
we've done,
there have been amazing.
I really love it there.
I've been there.
There's a few countries that I would think about living in besides America.
There's only two really.
Australia is one of them in Canada is another one because it would be the less
like the least amount of altering my life,
you know?
Do they drive on the right side of the road?
What side of the road?
The other side tells motherfuckers that's bad.
That's why I got to live in Glen.
You had David Lee Roth on,
I listen to that episode when you're telling a David Lee Roth and he was talking
about going to Japan and I was like,
are you fucking crazy?
So gangster,
like that's crazy.
He moves in an apartment in Japan,
like not knowing anyone,
one of the biggest rock stars in the history of the universe and just taking
sword fighting lessons.
Just dog.
I wouldn't say that I couldn't,
I almost went to Japan last like you could do that Brian,
you know that could be your life someday.
You could easily be that guy.
I'm going,
I'm not saying you'd be David Lee Roth clear on that,
but,
but what I mean is you could be the type of guy that just decides to look one
day.
Eventually it's going to be ridiculous
that we're all sitting in a room together doing this.
We won't need to be an emergent technology that's so fucking complete.
They will all be skyping this.
We won't need to have like a studio where we show up and this is probably,
yeah,
this is probably totally old school.
So one day we're going to get to a point where there'll be some virtual place
where we all meet to do a podcast and all we're doing is sitting in front of her
fucking laptops,
slapping a head gear on yeah.
Or something or you know,
oculus rift or something like that.
I mean this is Ustream set up in iTunes.
It's probably going to be archaic in the future.
I mean,
being on Sirius satellite radio,
it's going to be archaic in the future.
It's,
this is probably going to be some,
nobody saw this comment,
right?
So who the fuck is going to see what's coming in 50 60 years or less?
And that's you buddy.
You're on Maui,
Maui,
chillin.
Fucking tracking of my time.
Taking a month off of life,
living there,
still doing podcasts.
It's possible.
It's totally possible.
I don't plan on being in La very long and um,
I've been trying to figure out what's possible as far as like where can I live?
I could
still go to Australia.
We were having issues with,
my parents are getting old and I want to be near my parents that they're on the
east coast,
but I'm still a five hour flight away.
Whereas Australia,
I'm 20 hours away.
Um,
my fiance,
her parents are east coast.
I met her over there.
She's an American,
but I met her there.
I would probably pick up and leave if we didn't have the,
you know,
the families here.
Uh,
because I like it that much over there.
And uh,
also the dog's taking my dogs over there.
You got to quarantine them and it's right.
I mean,
I'd take them if there was no quarantine and I flew private or something,
I'd fucking,
okay,
so no family,
no dogs in there.
Fucking live there.
Yeah.
Why not,
right?
Yeah.
You Love Surfing,
surfing,
surf.
Every day.
I'm just going to sharks.
There isn't a west coast,
west coast.
They had five deaths last year.
That's how many are in the world.
Every year.
They had it in one year.
That is bad talk.
It could be a jaws like it's the same shark.
Oh Jesus Christ and the same and they haven't caught it yet?
No,
he was just,
it was a weird fucking year.
And I was there this year.
I went to Perth and I looked to go and surfing and I was going to go down the
Margaret River and uh,
I just went,
hmm.
I talked to one dude.
He used to surf there all the time.
He goes,
he goes,
I think about sharks like one out of every 20 times I'm surfing.
He goes every day.
I think about them every day though.
It's just,
it's been ingrained in us,
even though it's such an unlikely incident.
It's in my head.
I died in Santa Barbara.
That's like right.
The north of Santa Barbara.
It was like near Columbia Beach,
Surf Beach,
and there's a good beach.
I've surfed it.
But,
uh,
the crazy thing about it,
two years before that,
same day,
a shark killed a guy,
two years earlier.
You know,
when the one scares me the most,
the one in San Diego where the swimmers swimming.
Yeah.
A hundred yards out.
They were pretty far.
I could triathlete.
Yeah,
they were.
They were training and all of a sudden there
though you either people were all with them,
they're all aligned together,
they're all training together and you see this one guy just get cut in half,
but but giant he wearing like a brighter swim suit or anything different than
just got lucky and this fucking thing is like a 16 foot great white.
It's a big shock and it caught some right in half.
You have a better chance of getting killed by like a cow trampoline.
Stop,
stop your nonsense.
That's not true because I'm nowhere near fucking cows.
Okay?
If you're out there in the ocean dog,
your in Shark,
ted about dogs kill way more people.
That nonsense scenario,
there's a boot or trance.
You get her hip boy learning than kill both shore.
That's true.
But that's not true if you're going in the fucking water because most people
aren't going in the fucking water.
When people say that shit,
that's a dumb sticks.
Still millions to does not work.
You know you have a 0% chance of dying in a plane crash if you don't get on a
fucking plane.
Sure.
Yeah.
Well see that's a real statistic.
Not this nonsense of it's more likely that you get hit by lighting.
There's a better chance.
Apparently more people die from vending machines falling on them.
0% of sharks occur outside of the water.
No shot.
If you talked to Australia and you'll think they fucking fly out of the water,
they can.
They can fly on the wall,
which I saw the other day and I was down in Marco Island,
Florida.
I saw a sting ray.
I out of the water like five feet out of the water and then back in and that's
how that woman died on the boat in,
in key west or something.
She was [inaudible] sting.
Ray just came out and fucking clocked her and she hit the boat and died,
I think was a head injury.
Yeah,
Mike God.
Could you imagine if you were there and you saw that happen?
When I saw this thing come out of the water,
I was like,
what the fuck?
Have you seen those fucking fish that fly out of the water when you're driving
by in a boat or they sorted of an invasive species,
invasive species.
There's species,
I think they're called S.
I think it's,
let me,
let me Google flying fish,
fish,
snake heads or something like that.
I think it's a snake.
It,
I might be confusing my fish.
You'll,
what these,
these fucking things do is they fly out of the water
and the,
these people would drive in boats and they are like literally a launching
themselves that you can hit him with tennis rackets.
It's crazy.
I'm gonna,
I'm gonna see if I can find the,
uh,
the very fine.
Well,
you're looking for that.
I know a guy that's been attacked by a shark twice.
Oh my God.
What?
Is he retarded?
Yeah,
he does.
He hate himself.
You can Google him.
Ben Vinay.
And he was,
uh,
he was in,
a friend of mine hooked me up with them.
They're like,
hey,
this dude will take you surfing tomorrow.
And we were out in a bar and I was like,
oh cool,
where are we going to surf?
He goes,
we'll serve tallow speech,
which is on one side of Byron Bay.
And I if stood up at the lighthouse and look down at Talus and if you look down,
you can see dolphins,
sharks,
whales,
all kinds of shit in the water.
I go,
I'm not fucking surfing there.
And he goes,
ah,
it's cool man.
It's real.
I surfing
all the time and I go,
no way,
man.
Too much sea life there.
I'm not going in.
And he goes,
he goes,
I've been attacked.
He starts telling me the story.
I go,
I saw you on the news,
I saw you on the news.
You're the guy.
And he goes,
yeah.
And I go find them going with you.
What are the chances?
Most unlikely incident happened to the same,
uh,
you know,
like so.
And he goes,
well,
I've,
I've been attacked twice and I go fuck off.
And he told me another time he was out there and a bunch of Makos were
frolicking and he'd see them.
Now,
if I saw that I'm out of the water,
what's wrong with him?
And uh,
he said,
uh,
one of them broke free,
came at him and he just like started like punching at it and like pushing it
away and it,
and it left him alone.
But,
but the,
the,
the other shark,
I think it was a white pointer,
a bit his board.
And you could see the teeth marks.
You can Google and look at the picture.
Is it,
cause they're like internal hemorrhoids or something like that,
you think?
What did they came after him?
Cause the blood thing.
I cut my foot the other day and Australia pretty bad and I didn't realize it was
bad because you know when you're in water constantly,
the bloods,
Google flying,
silver carp fish flying silver carp are the ones that fly on the fucking water
when we drive your boat.
Yeah.
Apparently it's a little bit of blood that has to be in the water.
That's it.
Yeah.
It's probably internal hemorrhoids.
He might be getting turned out every night and that's why he kept on [inaudible]
please will you just fucking think about what you're saying before he said,
well if it's there,
a little blood in your,
but yeah,
apparently it's just a little bit of blood that can use all it takes.
They used to be,
I was on there period.
Like probably should never go in the water if sharks.
Yeah,
no,
they say that.
They say that.
Yeah.
Yeah,
absolutely.
I just don't get it.
I mean I,
I would imagine it would be really fun,
but I just can't,
I can't believe it'd be fun enough to risk.
There used to be a rumor that uh,
if you piss in your wetsuit,
which everyone does,
that the,
the urine gives off.
The same kind of sent that the blood does,
that attracts the sharks because there was a guy in South Africa,
you need to see this video.
He's riding the wave,
he's up cruising down the wave,
up and down on the face of the wave.
And two sharks converge on Him and grab him by the arm and they,
they ran into each other.
And that's why they let go of them.
But,
uh,
she's guys
getting nailed by these fucking fish.
They fly through the air and they're all bloody too.
What the fuck?
Well,
they land and they were fucking shattered.
Or like other guys just look at these fucking things.
They just fly through the air,
man.
They're all over the place.
What do they call it?
Silver,
silver carp.
And they're an invasive species.
See that?
Like as these guys are looking at that they're just flying all over the place.
Frog fish.
I mean,
they literally launched themselves in the air.
And sometimes when you go through like a whole school of them and there's like
an infestation,
like it really can be dangerous.
People getting hit in the head and shit.
And these things are an invasive species,
like they've taken off.
They're not supposed to be there,
I don't think.
And I think if I remember correctly,
they uh,
some of the,
introduced him to these areas and now they're just fucking taken off like crazy.
How often were you seeing other fish?
I'm going to look good the next room or get really big and just go down here and
get attacked.
And how funny it would be if you tie that way that was on mushrooms and a
fish lodged in his mouth.
I think I'd rather choke to death.
I think I'd rather die from a shark attacked in one of these things.
Fucking things.
What a crazy ass.
Toronto's would be bad.
Paranas would be awful.
What is wrong with these fucking fish man?
It's so weird.
Did you ever watch them noodle the catfish?
Yes.
Yeah.
I love those shows.
I was in my fucking hotel room,
I forgot where it was and I was bored out of my mind.
So I watched an entire episode of this show where they like stick their hands
and holes and get catfish if you don't know her arms,
like yeah,
if you don't know what noodling is,
it's the weirdest fucking thing.
I go through the mouth and out the gill,
it's discussed and then pick them up.
I mean,
they're like like hundreds of pounds.
You know these fucking silver carp can get to be a hundred pounds.
That'll knock you the fuck.
You got to be 110 pounds and they fly through the fucking air.
They were imported from China in the 1970s for use in a co aquaculture ponds to
control plankton.
By the early 1980s both species had escaped into open waters in the southern
states.
Wow.
This is a fish called a big head and the other one called a silver carp.
Here's a dude noodling.
This is fucking nuts,
man.
No established populations are known.
The carp have been caught by commercial fishermen over the last few years.
Apparently people started eating him.
Is that what an invasive species is when they bring it in?
Yeah.
They bring a fish.
Was that noodling?
These guys are so crazy because sometimes they get turtles.
They reach in there and it snapping turtles in there and they get their fucking
hand bitten off.
Like guys have gotten fucked up doing this
Rodeo cat.
Well some guys really good dragged under water.
Really?
Yeah.
They get fucked up man.
Cause you gotta get a good grip on those counts.
It's a really,
it's such a primal way that's looks fake.
It looks completely fake.
Is it fake?
I don't know.
It looks fake but um,
some of,
I mean look,
if you're,
if you grab a hold of Oh my God,
catch,
catch and release it.
Wow.
He's letting it go.
That was a weird,
what's wrong with the things mouth in where my parents live in Pittsburgh.
What is that I want to do,
man?
What a beauty.
It's hard to tell him that picture.
What's really going on.
Alright.
Wow.
He's going to let us say for he,
it's hard to tell if that's real.
Yes.
I'm sure there's some that are online that are real,
but grab your arm and put in the mouth of a hundred pound animal.
Yeah.
All of that.
And it's in its environment,
not going to fucking think people understand how strong a fucking hundred pound
catfish.
It's either.
Yeah.
I mean you ever like catch the biggest fish you've ever been like 12 inches.
It was like,
oh my God,
that is size
of these 200 pounds.
That's what these are when y'all can musky feminine.
Why are they so confidence?
Hold on.
These things,
those things are still alive but is how weird is it that they can hold on to
these things?
They're still alive.
They're in the water.
Why don't they just freak out and give free like their holy,
if you don't watch the show,
if you'll just listening to these two,
it seems like Russian,
right?
Speaking Russian,
Spanish.
Is that Spanish?
Yeah.
That sounds like almost Italian fanatic.
It sounds like it sounds Italian.
Finally these fucking catfish.
She's guys,
whatever it is.
These Cafritz she's guys are holding our fucking,
yeah.
Boats.
Their boats.
Yeah.
That's a seven foot long sides of a dolphin.
Yeah,
exactly.
Exactly.
It's like a dolphin size.
It's insane.
When they catch those things,
man,
those things feed a whole fucking village.
How are they going to let it go?
Look at that.
Good for you.
Like I know what you leave.
Well letter you will.
One day I'm,
I call upon you.
There's a,
the largest cat
fish ever caught.
There's a photo of this,
uh,
this,
I think it was like Thailand or someone like that.
They,
they caught this insanely large cat fish.
I mean,
and it shows like this whole like village,
like participating in cooking and eating as catfish,
but it's,
it's a whale.
I mean the largest cat Google that largest,
I don't know.
I don't remember.
I don't want even say,
because we could find it soon.
Catfish ever.
I think it's something enormous,
like over a thousand pounds.
Wow.
Here's a 220 pounds and cock cat fish being caught.
Let's say the nine largest fish ever caught apparently catfishes in that mix,
which is insane.
I think the largest fish ever caught as a shark.
It fuck if I'm correct.
I think like a Maaco shark is like one of the largest fish.
I really am.
Maaco yeah,
blue cat is number nine.
Okay.
Ready for this world record?
Blue Fish.
Oh,
it's not nearly as big as I thought.
It's 130 pounds.
Okay.
That's not the biggest cat for now because that one was the one where just 220
guys.
Okay.
Tiger fish.
This sub subject,
the biggest ones.
Cat.
Okay.
Tigerfish a hundred pounds,
alligator Gar,
230 pounds.
Jesus Christ.
I'm pretty sure those get bigger than that to large amounts.
Basking sharks.
Okay.
Mekong giant Grizzly bear catfish.
The adult
nine foot 646 pounds.
Oh my God.
Mic Kong giant catfish six k o n.
G,
giant catfish.
That's apparently the biggest fresh this with rod and reel.
Pretty sure.
I'm not sure,
but the biggest fish ever caught is,
is it tuna and the biggest fish I ever caught,
it's 1,496 pounds.
Oh,
that would get you,
that make you some money.
It's enormous.
This guy is standing in front of this fucking thing and it's bigger.
It's way bigger than him.
That's some serious cash.
Yeah.
That's a crazy fish.
Two tuners are just all muscle.
Yeah,
they're super gangster.
You know,
they're just flying around in giant schools,
Jack and other fish.
So if you can catch one that's a thousand fucking pounds.
A lot of my engine,
a hundred thousand thousand pounders under,
under the ocean,
just fucking everything up in front of them and some asshole comes along with a
fake fish and just gang some I went down in the cage in South Africa with the
great whites.
Oh you silly bitch.
And uh,
when you see these things coming at you,
monsters,
why did you do that where you totally completely convinced that they were going
to be able to keep their things away from you?
I eat,
well they put you in the cage and the top of the cage is open to the boat so you
can like climb out of the cage and into the boat.
So it's almost like you're in a steel cage,
aquarium and a,
but you got to put on a wetsuit and the snorkel and everything and they,
they either run an oxygen,
you know,
like thing down to you or you were like a snorkel and you go up and down.
Like you hold your breath,
go down and worked for awhile,
but you wait for four hours for the sharks to show up.
They,
they put fish oil in the water because it's illegal to put chum in the water.
They can't do that.
Well we're aren't there like there was a show that they were filming in South
Africa.
I believe we were there.
We were down at,
uh,
I forget what the area,
here we are and I think her madness and a,
there's a place like seal island where they blame these people for,
for a death because they were chumming to get the sharks to catch sharks on
their show.
So they,
so they made that illegal,
but they still put fish oil in those not the same thing.
And they,
the I I think so pretty much.
And uh,
they put fish oil in the water and get that fucking catfish.
Holy Fuck.
Okay.
Oh my gosh.
The size,
size of a dolphin,
there's pictures of them.
That's the tuna.
That's the biggest fish ever caught apparently.
But these great whites,
they were the big fuckers.
They were,
yeah.
As big as you can imagine.
How big do you think the biggest great white is?
How big is it?
What's the biggest great,
whatever caught,
cause it seems like a great white would be heavier than it tuned Robin,
like 20 foot.
Does that make sense?
Let's,
let's say biggest quate weight ever caught.
I mean I was looking at ones that were at least 12 at least 12 feet long.
Yeah.
How much is it?
12 foot long fucking shark way.
Sure.
At least for these were terrified
there.
This lamp resist.
Okay.
This is ridiculous because it's saying that sharks were caught.
They were over 3000 pounds.
Yeah,
that's what I was thinking.
Yeah.
This is,
this is a,
were were apparently looking at it.
Well you probably might be rod and reel.
Will you read things on the Internet
problem?
Wow.
What are these lampreys these they have killed Tony One.
Yeah.
That's one of those things are the claims on the sharks.
They've killed a 21 foot,
eight inch great white shark.
That's like one of the biggest ones they killed.
Was that off Montauk,
New York?
I don't know.
I'm not sure here.
This is a actually even almost as big as the one in the movie jaws,
which was a caught by Vic hist Hislop in 1985.
It was the biggest great white shark ever caught.
So in 1985,
they caught the,
uh,
the biggest great white shark ever.
Huh.
Wow.
Suggestive of even bigger sharks.
He also claimed to have caught a bigger one than the one picture,
but he couldn't land it.
So he hooked a bigger one than the 21 foot one,
I believe.
I don't like that.
Well,
I was reading about it recently and apparently there's great whites are the ones
that do all the killing off like the coast of California.
They go over to Australia,
Hawaii,
they've found them ever there.
South Africa.
But there's one out in the middle of the ocean called the oceanic shark.
Check this out.
These are ones that hang out in the middle of the ocean and they're like bigger
than great whites.
Oh Jesus.
And they don't come to the coastal regions.
Well,
what the fuck are they are?
They're just a big fucking motherfucking shower oceanic.
They're the ones,
like when guys were getting shot down in World War II and their planes were like
out in the middle of those,
they're responsible for a lot of deaths because they'll clean up like a fucking
whole ship wreck.
You know,
they're the,
they're the ones that uh,
that the grill,
the great ones.
So the lights of the ones that are right here,
right off of fucking la.
Yeah.
They've,
they've caught whale sharks before,
but we'll,
sharks aren't the same thing.
Look up the OCI,
the oceanic shark,
oceanic,
uh,
I forget what it's like an oceanic white or something.
It's called the largest great white shark was co op Philip Island.
And it waited there.
5,085 pounds.
I served there a month ago,
capable of mine.
Who'd,
oh my God.
It was 20 feet,
eight inches long and it weighed 5,085 pounds.
Look at that fucking monster.
You look at the size of that God damn thing.
How scary is that bitch?
So oceanic shark,
that's what I'm looking at.
Yeah.
Phillip Island adjust surf there.
And they told me when we are going,
they said this is known,
it's a very sharky area.
And I said,
why?
They says there's a lot of water seal breeding.
And I went off,
fuck the oceanic white tips.
Shy.
Yeah.
Ooh,
creepy nature is so creepy.
Why did you create this?
Wait until you go to Alaska.
Gosia Muskox what does that look it up?
When I saw it and I'm just getting into sharks,
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that they existed and were driving down the road one day in Alaska
and I look over and I see this thing and I go,
what the fuck is that?
And he goes,
oh that's a,
you know like uh,
the research left cause I was in Fairbanks where the university is.
And I go,
no,
what's that animal?
And he goes,
that's the Muskox.
And I go,
no,
you guys just made that up.
That doesn't exist in my world.
You made that up and it looks,
it's like we've got an issue here fella.
What does this thing is saying?
You might have the wrong name shark,
the oceanic white tips.
Because this is saying the largest one ever caught was only four meters,
which I think,
I think they're responsible for a lot of deaths then.
That's what it was that I read that they,
they know the ocean.
What the fuck?
That's a totally different thing you said.
Isn't there a bigger shark?
Come on.
Don't want you to be completely wrong here.
It's just sad.
I told me about some awesome giant shark out there and it turned well.
No,
cause I was reading about cars.
Which shark?
Somebody goes,
oh I saw a hammerhead Nigga.
They don't even kill and uh,
okay,
let's look up the largest killer sharks.
I was looking up.
Which types are the most aggressive?
Cause you always hear different stories or bull sharks.
Bull sharks are nasty tigers.
Makos do you know what the great bull sharks that the big thing that happened in
New Jersey that inspired you got the rivers?
Yeah.
They go up the river called the runners into fresh water man.
They found one is high north as Illinois,
that show monster hunter.
Do you remember that?
Or Monster Quest.
Did you ever see that show?
Yeah.
And in that show,
there's a couple of things that they,
um,
unraveled on a show.
It's pretty cool.
Um,
one of them was a bull sharks cause there was like a myth that sharks had gone
up river into freshwater,
like deep,
deep into the country.
But apparently bull sharks can survive in fresh water.
They don't prefer it,
but they can survive.
They,
uh,
they're nasty to apparently bulls.
They're the ones that will attack you.
Not,
not for food.
They're just dicks.
Yeah,
they're an evil man.
They're evil.
They're really,
really aggressive sharks.
Um,
what else is really tiger shark?
Those are the Tigers.
And now,
oh,
there's a video that was on the Internet.
Uh,
somebody sent me of a bunch of tigers.
it's in Broome,
Australia where a whale beach like up,
it's like in a foot of water,
a foot of water.
And these Makos are all just eating the fuck out of it.
And they're flopping around in like a foot of water and you're like,
wow.
They'll go into a foot of water.
And these girls are all like taking pictures and stuff and they're getting too
close that these sharks,
but they're just feeding on this whale.
Just like eating the sides off of it.
Yeah.
I uh,
I've seen shit like that.
You know,
the creepiest thing I've ever seen animals feeding is a pile of Komodo dragons.
Have you ever seen that?
No.
Dude.
Got Brian
Google Komodo dragons.
A feeding frenzy because they,
it's like,
it's like walking dead.
Have you ever seen walking dead
the movie or the TV show?
Yeah.
You know how the zombies,
they'll collapse on a body and it's just all of them,
like just in a mass trying to rip this body apart and pulling chunks out.
Komodo dragons,
like this is just one image.
This is just a few of them.
This is a small group.
This is only three.
I've seen any jazz by shark attack.
I've seen him at,
yeah,
the Komodo dragons.
That's a bad way to go.
But Kimono dragons,
there's images online.
If you're looking at,
did you ever see a fine,
which is online shit load of them.
I don't know if this is fake.
And I know a lot of people have probably seen it and please don't send it to me
again cause I actually deleted it.
I rarely don't look at things,
but it was,
uh,
it was,
like a bunch of drug dealers took a guy like out into the middle of that fields,
these Komodo dragons all stacked on top of them.
There's a,
there's an even better one that does,
if you look a little further down on that Google image,
sure.
Search.
There's,
there's one a little further down.
It's just ridiculous.
I went not want to die like that.
Oh,
they're ruthless,
man.
Well,
these,
like drug dealers took a guy out into the middle of this field.
Now,
I don't know what they did do them.
I think they,
I don't know if they'd be head up first,
but then these vultures come and just pick away at his body.
And it's a series of photos showing you the beginning to the end.
And it's just a skeleton.
Have you ever seen those two veins,
Guy Funerals?
It's a actually a religious thing.
It's no,
no,
no.
He's talking about different things.
He's talking about people.
There's,
there's two ones.
You're,
what you're talking about,
the Tibetans sky funeral when he's talking about is them torturing and killing
somebody and leaving their body to vultures.
But there's two different things.
What's the Tibetan SkyFii enroll?
The people do it to people they love.
Oh Great.
Take their body when they die and they cut it up and they feed it to vultures
and they actually filmed it.
They filmed it and take photographs of it and the people request it.
They said,
look,
if I die,
I want you to feed me to the vultures because at least then you know,
your body goes,
it's used for something and they go hardcore with it.
They smash up the skull after the,
the,
uh,
vultures go through the body.
They smashed up the skull.
So the vulture eats that too.
Don't Google image,
search it.
Scratch Google image.
Search it.
Hold up.
Well do that.
Did you have Kenny Hotz on your show,
Kenny versus spending?
No.
Comedy central show that used to be on the air where they compete against each
other.
Yeah.
No,
I had him on my show.
He some fucking maniac.
He on one of his shows.
He does all these crazy shows.
He ate a human body.
What?
Yes.
He had a,
they grinded up teeth.
He eight teeth skin.
Uh,
he's a maniac.
He's a hilarious guy.
Why would he do that?
Because he's crazy.
Ooh,
watch the watch the watch some of the youtube videos versus penny.
He had this one that they always compete against each other and one was who can
eat more meat
and he was grinding up meat and making meat shake.
Yeah.
This is the Benton's sky funeral and there's worse where it just seems like a
side view of a person's face is just this morning,
this guy,
they tie him down too,
so the vultures can't carry him off,
so they have to finish it right there.
Time down.
The vultures go through them,
then they
fall on me.
They have a whole bunch of them come down to,
but no,
you're already dead.
And I'm like,
yeah,
well I still,
some people want to die that way.
They want it or they want to be dealt with.
They want,
their corpse would be dealt with that way.
It might as well make it a spectacle to,
well,
the way we do it,
it's really weird when we poisoned the body so that nature can't consume it,
not it need it nearly as easily.
So it's like you could book dig someone out of a hole has been there for like a
year,
like taxidermy.
Well,
when you watch that show,
like those autonomies shows,
autopsy shows where they have to exume bodies,
a lot of times they're doing it and the person's a fucking year plus in the hole
and their body's still there.
You know,
because you formaldehyde the shit out of it.
And well,
the,
the funeral to the open casket funeral,
I don't think there's anything creepier who,
it's weird.
I don't know.
I don't know why anyone does.
Have you had anyone,
you know,
I grew up Catholic and they,
they do that and I'm like,
stop.
How many of you been to a lot?
Yeah,
that's fucking gross.
It's so gross.
It's weird that it's the standard,
you know,
I'm pretty sure they make you embalm someone even if you're going to cremate
him.
Really?
I think so.
I think they take,
I don't think that like goes straight cremation,
right?
Isn't that the case?
No,
I don't think so.
Okay.
I think you're wrong.
I think,
uh,
I get creeped out.
I'm pretty sure.
I'm pretty sure it changes Joey Dee and my friend.
That is actually an undertaking.
They might drain the blood,
but they probably don't replace it with them.
You know how they drained the path today?
I think they have two percentage and they put them on the table,
uh,
to drain the blood.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
This,
I hate this shit.
They cause there's a story.
I got a friend of mine at job,
uh,
at a funeral home.
I knew a funeral director and I got this guy job when we were in college and
he's Jewish and he had never been to Jewish funerals.
They don't do that.
Uh,
he went to the funeral home.
He was working there,
washing cars,
watching the hearse and the limos and everything.
One day the guys that he worked with the first day said,
hey,
go in that room and get some more sponges.
He goes in the room,
it's the embalming room and there's a body on the table and they cut them at
like the wrists and the ankles I think,
and just let the risks and like legs hang.
And so all the body,
all the blood drips and the floors,
like a graded floor that just catches all the blood underneath,
you know,
and there's drains underneath.
So he walks in the room and sees them.
She sees this body and just fucking loses it and run to quits.
The job doesn't even go to
pick up his check one day he was like,
fuck,
that's haunting.
Here's the answer to that.
There's no state law that says the body must be embalmed before cremation.
It's a bit more complicated.
Some states require that a body to be burned,
uh,
buried,
cremated embalmed or refrigerated within a certain amount of time.
So what happens is that
funeral homes will rip you off.
And then if you say that you want to get the body cremated,
if they get ahold of it before,
you know,
like,
you know what I mean?
It gets brought,
someone's body gets brought to a funeral home.
If that happens,
a lot of times they try to sell you on embalming.
The person before cremation,
they just tell you that it has to be done.
But it doesn't have to be that.
Yeah,
apparently.
Apparently like that's like,
like there's a lot of money and taking care of dead bodies because people are
forced to do something about it.
You can't just bury your friends.
You're not allowed to.
It's not legal.
You can't just like say,
you know,
hey,
uh,
Bobby died in a car accident.
Do you mind if we take him and I want to put them in my backyard behind the
apple tree.
Can't bury your friend and your yard.
It has to be in a funeral home or whether it has to be a in a mortuary,
whatever,
you know,
it's gotta be a cemetery.
You gotta be,
you know,
it's gotta be taken care of in a certain way.
You can't just throw him in the hole,
you have to embalm him before you throw them in the hall.
I think for the most part,
you know
Costco sells a cast,
so does Amazon and blue wow task.
It's never understand that either the amount of money that's put into them too,
like you know the deluxe bottle,
then you're putting it in the dirt in an hour.
Get it if you want to.
I mean,
how much do people spend on their weddings?
You know,
some people have these crazy million dollars.
Yeah.
Weddings.
There's a,
there's a coffin.
It's like,
look at the size of a boy.
Oh God.
Okay.
That's,
that is fucking depressing.
Shut that off to watch the Brazilian prank show where the coffin is in the
elevator.
No,
it's the same one where,
uh,
where the little,
which comes out of the fuck.
That's a fucking great show.
So fucking great.
The best prank ever.
You're in there in the elevator and uh,
the lights go off in the elevator.
They got a camera in there and then a girl.
Oh,
don't tell me.
Don't tell me.
I'll watch it.
Awesome.
I'll watch it online.
Watch the one with the casket.
What's it called?
The just look Brazilian French coast girl ls.
Okay.
Elevator skills girl.
It's amazing to watch it for hours.
Yes.
Watch it.
No,
no,
no.
I don't want to watch it.
Um,
I'm a,
I'm looking past that shit.
You enjoy it.
Have a good time.
Uh,
that's it.
do you have anything to add to the powerful Twitter man in the world?
Twitter.
Me
15 can't get Twitter followers.
I think it's some spelling my name or that I don't Twitter.
Do you mean what's the matter of 16,000?
That's how dare you.
I know.
It's ridiculous.
Dare you fucking around over in Australia.
I don't use Twitter over there.
They don't do,
they're not some people,
it's not as big.
It's not bigger than a lot of places too.
Like I notice a lot of people from Texas don't use,
so you're out of your mind.
Texas is flooded with Twitter.
Austin south by southwest is a huge fucking Twitter destination from Houston.
Doesn't do it for something.
Really?
Yeah,
I don't know.
I think a lot of folks like regular,
they don't want to do it.
I mean for Comedians.
So it's gigantic.
Facebook,
Twitter.
All right,
thanks to a hover.com go do hover.com forward slash Rogen and get 10% off domain
name registrations.
Thank you to on at.com.
That's o n n I t.
Use the code name,
Rogan save 10% off any and all supplements.
My tee shirt company hired-primate.com for those asking.
We ordered new versions of all the shirts they're in,
but the run jre shirts are already out.
Um,
so,
uh,
I ordered a fuck load more this next time,
so hopefully that won't happen again.
Um,
Joe rogan.net.
The tour dates are all up there,
so if you're,
uh,
in Alaska or Vegas or Seattle or Boston,
I'm coming to see you when you're in Vegas.
Milwaukee,
uh,
July 5th.
Oh,
Vegas.
All right.
That's it.
We love the fuck out of people and,
uh,
we'll be back on Monday.
I gotta I gotta do my TV show and talk to more crazy people.
Jihad.
Okay.
Yeah.